<!-- Page 129 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
128
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

Reporting Settings, where the associated CSI Resource Settings are higher layer configured. Periodic CSI reporting on PUCCH formats 2, 3, 4 supports Type I CSI with wideband granularity.

A UE shall perform semi-persistent CSI reporting on the PUCCH applied starting from the first slot that is after slot \( n+ 3 N_{\text {slot }}^{\text {subrame }}{ }^{\mu} \) when the UE would transmit a PUCCH with HARQ-ACK information in slot \( n \) corresponding to the PDSCH carrying the activation command described in clause 6.1.3.16 of [10, TS 38.321] where \( \mu \) is the SCS configuration for the PUCCH. The activation command will contain one or more Reporting Settings where the associated CSI Resource Settings are configured. Semi-persistent CSI reporting on the PUCCH supports Type I CSI. Semi-persistent CSI reporting on the PUCCH format 2 supports Type I CSI with wideband frequency granularity. Semipersistent CSI reporting on PUCCH formats 3 or 4 supports Type I CSI with wideband and sub-band frequency granularities and Type [] CSI Part 1.

When the PUCCH carry Type I CSI with wideband frequency granularity, the CSI payload carried by the PUCCH format 2 and PUCCH formats 3, or 4 are identical and the same irrespective of RI (if reported), CRI (if reported). A CSI-ReportConfig with codebookType set to 'typeI-SinglePanel' and the corresponding CSI-RS Resource Set for channel measurement configured with two Resource Groups and \( N \) Resource Pairs can be configured with wideband frequency granularity only with csi-ReportMode set to 'Mode1' and numberOfSingleTRP-CSI-Model set to \( X=0 \). For type I CSI sub-band reporting on PUCCH formats 3, or 4, the payload is split into two parts. The first part contains RI (if reported), CRI (if reported), CQI for the first codeword. The second part contains PMI (if reported), LI (if reported) and contains the CQI for the second codeword (if reported) when RI \( >4 \). For a CSI-ReportConfig configured with subband reporting, codebookType set to 'typel-SinglePanel' and the corresponding CSI-RS Resource Set for channel measurement configured with two Resource Groups and \( N \) Resource Pairs, Part 1 contains RI(s), CRI(s), CQI(s) for the first codeword and is zero padded to a fixed payload size (if needed). Part 2 contains the CQI(s) for the second codeword (if reported) when RI is larger than 4, Lis (if reported) and PMI(s).

A semi-persistent report carried on the PUCCH formats 3 or 4 supports Type II CSI feedback, but only Part 1 of Type II CSI feedback (See Clause 5.2.2 and 5.2.3). Supporting Type II CSI reporting on the PUCCH formats 3 or 4 is a UE capability type2-SP-CSI-Feedback-LongPUCCH. A Type II CSI report (Part 1 only) carried on PUCCH formats 3 or 4 shall be calculated independently of any Type II CSI reports carried on the PUSCH (see Clause 5.2.3).

When the UE is configured with CSI Reporting on PUCCH formats 2, 3 or 4, each PUCCH resource is configured for each candidate UL BWP.

If the UE is in an active semi-persistent CSI reporting configuration on PUCCH and has not received a deactivation command, the CSI reporting takes place when the BWP in which the reporting is configured to take place is the active BWP, otherwise the CSI reporting is suspended.

A UE is not expected to report CSI with a total number of UCI bits and CRC bits larger than 115 bits when configured with PUCCH format 4. For CSI reports transmitted on a PUCCH, if all CSI reports consist of one part, the UE may omit a portion of CSI reports. Omission of CSI is according to the priority order determined from the \( \operatorname{Pri}_{1, C S 1}(y, k, c, s) \) value as defined in Clause 5.2.5. CSI report is omitted beginning with the lowest priority level until the CSI report code rate is less or equal to the one configured by the higher layer parameter maxCodeRate.

If any of the CSI reports consist of two parts, the UE may omit a portion of Part 2 CSI. Omission of Part 2 CSI is according to the priority order shown in Table 5.2.3-1. Part 2 CSI is omitted beginning with the lowest priority level until the Part 2 CSI code rate is less or equal to the one configured by higher layer parameter maxCodeRate.
5.2.5 Priority rules for CSI reports

CSI reports are associated with a priority value \( \operatorname{Pri}_{\text {iCSI }}(y, k, c, s)=2 \cdot N_{\text {cells }} \cdot M_{s} \cdot y+N_{\text {cells }} \cdot M_{s} \cdot k+M_{s} \cdot c+s \) where
- \( y=0 \) for aperiodic CSI reports to be carried on PUSCH \( y=1 \) for semi-persistent CSI reports to be carried on PUSCH, \( y=2 \) for semi-persistent CSI reports to be carried on PUCCH and \( y=3 \) for periodic CSI reports to be carried on PUCCH ;
- \( k=0 \) for CSI reports carrying L1-RSRP or L1-SINR and \( k=1 \) for CSI reports not carrying L1-RSRP or L1SINR;
- \( \quad c \) is the serving cell index and \( N_{\text {cells }} \) is the value of the higher layer parameter maxNrofServingCells;
- \( s \) is the reportConfigID and \( M_{s} \) is the value of the higher layer parameter maxNrofCSI-ReportConfigurations.

ETSI