<!-- Page 219 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
218
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

9 UE procedures for transmitting and receiving for RTT-based propagation delay compensation

For operation with RTT-based propagation delay compensation, the UE may be configured with either:
- one CSI-RS for tracking with higher layer parameter pdc-Info for \( \mathrm{Rx}-\mathrm{Tx} \) time difference estimation at UE side and one SRS resource set with usage-pdc, or
- one PRS configuration of higher layer parameter NR-DL-PRS-PDC-ResourceSet [12, TS 38.331] for Rx - Tx time difference estimation at UE side and one SRS resource set with usage-pdc.

The related UE procedures for transmitting uplink reference signals and receiving downlink reference signals for RTTbased propagation delay compensation are defined as follows:
- for reception of CSI-RS for tracking with higher layer parameter pdc-Info, the UE follows the procedures for reception of CSI-RS for tracking defined in Clause 5.1.6.1.1.
- for reception of the one PRS configuration provided by RRC [12, TS 38.331] for RTT-based propagation delay compensation, the UE follows the procedure for PRS reception for RTT-based propagation delay compensation defined in Clause 9.1.
- for transmission of an SRS resource set configured with usage-pdc, the UE follows the procedures for SRS transmission defined in Clause 6.2.1.
9.1 PRS reception procedure for RTT-based propagation delay compensation

The DL PRS resource set for RTT-based propagation delay compensation consists of \( \mathrm{K} \geq 1 \) DL PRS resource(s) where each has an associated spatial transmission filter. Each DL PRS resource is configured via higher layer parameters \( N R \) -DL-PRS-Resource and is uniquely defined by \( n r-D L- \) PRS-ResourcelD. The subcarrier spacing and the cyclic prefix of the DL PRS resources are defined by the subcarrier spacing and the cyclic prefix of the DL active bandwidth part of the serving cell.

The DL PRS resource set for RTT-based propagation delay compensation is configured by NR-DL-PRS-PDCResourceSet, consists of one or more DL PRS resource(s) and it is defined by:
- dl-PRS-Periodicity-and-ResourceSetSlotOffset defines the DL PRS resource periodicity and takes values \( T_{\mathrm{per}}^{\mathrm{PRS}} \in 2^{\mu}\{4,5,8,10,16,20,32,40,64,80,160,320,640,1280,2560,5120,10240\} \) slots, where \( \mu=0,1,2,3 \) for 15 , 30,60 and 120 kHz subcarrier spacing respectively and the slot offset for DL PRS resource set with respect to SFN0 slot 0 . All the DL PRS resources are configured with the same DL PRS resource periodicity.
- dl-PRS-ResourceRepetitionFactor defines how many times each DL-PRS resource is repeated for a single instance of the DL-PRS resource set and takes values \( T_{\text {rep }}^{\text {PRS }} \in\{1,2,4,6,8,16,32\} \). All the DL PRS resources within the resource set have the same resource repetition factor.
- dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap defines the offset in number of slots between two repeated instances of a DL PRS resource with the same \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ResourcelD within a single instance of the DL PRS resource set. The UE only expects to be configured with dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap if dl-PRS-ResourceRepetitionFactor is configured with value greater than 1. The time duration spanned by one instance of a \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ResourceSet is not expected to exceed the configured value of DL PRS periodicity. All the DL PRS resources within the resource set have the same value of dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap.
- dl-PRS-ResourceList determines the DL PRS resources that are contained within the DL PRS resource set.
- dl-PRS-ResourceBandwidth defines the number of resource blocks configured for DL PRS transmission. The parameter has a granularity of 4 PRBs with a minimum of 24 PRBs and a maximum of 272 PRBs. All the DL PRS resources within the resource set have the same value of dl-PRS-ResourceBandwidth.
- dl-PRS-StartPRB defines the starting PRB index of the DL PRS resource with respect to subcarrier 0 in common resource block 0 . The starting PRB index has a granularity of one PRB with a minimum value of 0 and a

ETSI