<!-- Page 144 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
143
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- The UE determines \( N \cdot K \) slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by RAR UL grant, based on tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and ssb-PositionsInBurst, and the TDRA information field value in the RAR UL grant.
- A slot is not counted in the number of \( N \cdot K \) slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by RAR UL grant, if at least one of the symbols indicated by the indexed row of the used resource allocation table in the slot overlaps with a DL symbol indicated by tdd-UL-DL-Configuration Common if provided, or a symbol of an SS/PBCH block with index provided by ssb-PositionsInBurst.
- The UE determines \( N \cdot K \) slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by DCI format 00 with CRC scrambled by TC-RNTI, based on tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and ssbPositionsInBurst and the TDRA information field value in the DCI scheduling the PUSCH.
- A slot is not counted in the number of \( N \cdot K \) slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_0 \) scrambled by TC-RNTI, if at least one of the symbols indicated by the indexed row of the used resource allocation table in the slot overlaps with a DL symbol indicated by \( t d d-U L-D L- \) Configuration Common if provided, or a symbol of an SS/PBCH block with index provided by ssbPositionsInBurst.

For paired spectrum and SUL band:
- The UE determines \( N \cdot K \) consecutive slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or for a PUSCH transmission of TB processing over multiple slots scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), based on the TDRA information field value in the DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \).
- For the case of a reduced capability half-duplex UE, and when AvailableSlotCounting is enabled, the UE determines \( N \cdot K \) slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or for a PUSCH transmission of TB processing over multiple slots scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), based on the TDRA information field value in the DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \). A slot is not counted in the number of \( N \cdot K \) slots if at least one of the symbols indicated by the indexed row of the used resource allocation table in the slot overlaps with a symbol of an SS/PBCH block with index provided by ssb-PositionsInBurst.
- The UE determines \( N \cdot K \) consecutive slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by RAR UL grant, based on the TDRA information field value in the RAR UL grant.
- The UE determines \( N \cdot K \) consecutive slots for a PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_0 \) with CRC scrambled by TC-RNTI, based on the TDRA information field value in the DCI scheduling the PUSCH.

If AvailableSlotCounting is enabled and a UE would transmit a PUSCH of a TB processing over multiple slots or PUSCH repetition Type A over \( N \cdot K \) slots, and the UE does not transmit the PUSCH of a TB processing over multiple slots or the PUSCH repetition Type A in a slot from the \( N \cdot K \) slots, according to clause 9, clause 11.1 and clause 11.2A of [6, TS 38.213], the UE counts the slots in the number of \( N \cdot K \) slots.

For PUSCH repetition Type A, in case \( K>1 \),
- If the PUSCH is scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \)
- if AvailableSlotCounting is enabled, the same symbol allocation is applied across the \( N \cdot K \) slots determined for the PUSCH transmission and the PUSCH is limited to a single transmission layer. The UE shall repeat the TB across the \( N \cdot K \) slots determined for the PUSCH transmission, applying the same symbol allocation in each slot.
- Otherwise, the same symbol allocation is applied across the \( N \cdot K \) consecutive slots and the PUSCH is limited to a single transmission layer. The UE shall repeat the TB across the \( N \cdot K \) consecutive slots applying the same symbol allocation in each slot.
- Else if the PUSCH is scheduled by RAR UL grant or by DCI format \( 0 \_0 \) with CRC scrambled by TC-RNTI, the same symbol allocation is applied across the \( N \cdot K \) slots determined for the PUSCH transmission and the PUSCH is limited to a single transmission layer. The UE shall repeat the TB across the \( N \cdot K \) slots determined for the PUSCH transmission, applying the same symbol allocation in each slot.

ETSI