<!-- Page 202 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
201
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- the UE shall set value of the 'CSI request' field as indicated by higher layers.
- the UE shall set value of [request/coordination information flag] field as indicated by higher layers.
- if [Providing/Requesting indicator] indicates SCI format 2-C is used to convey an explicit request for inter-UE coordination information:
- the UE shall set value of the ['Priority'] field as indicated by higher layers.
- the UE shall set value of the ['Number of subchannels'] field as indicated by higher layers.
- the UE shall set value of the ['Resource reservation period'] field as indicated by higher layers.
- the UE shall set value of the ['Resource selection window location'] field as indicated by higher layers.
- the UE shall set value of the ['Resource set type'] field as indicated by higher layers if higher layer parameter determineResourceSetTypeSchemel is configured to 'UE-B's request'; otherwise this field is omitted.
- if [Providing/Requesting indicator] indicates SCI format 2-C is used to convey inter-UE coordination information:
- the UE shall set value of the ['Resource set type'] field as indicated by higher layers.
- the UE shall set value of the ['Resource combination(s)'] field (clause 8.1.5A) as indicated by higher layers.
- the UE shall set value of the [Lowest subchannel indices] as indicated by higher layers
- the UE shall set value of the ['First resource location'] as indicated by higher layers
- the UE shall set value of the ['Reference slot location'] as indicated by higher layers
8.1.1 Transmission schemes

Only one transmission scheme is defined for the PSSCH and is used for all PSSCH transmissions.
PSSCH transmission is performed with up to two antenna ports, with antenna ports \( 1000-1001 \) as defined in clause 8.2.4 of [4, TS 38.211].
8.1.2 Resource allocation

In sidelink resource allocation mode 1:
- for PSSCH and PSCCH transmission, dynamic grant, configured grant type 1 and configured grant type 2 are supported. The configured grant Type 2 sidelink transmission is semi-persistently scheduled by a SL grant in a valid activation DCI according to Clause 10.2A of [6, TS 38.213].
8.1.2.1 Resource allocation in time domain

The UE shall transmit the PSSCH in the same slot as the associated PSCCH.
The minimum resource allocation unit in the time domain is a slot.
The UE shall transmit the PSSCH in consecutive symbols within the slot, subject to the following restrictions:
- The UE shall not transmit PSSCH in symbols which are not configured for sidelink. A symbol is configured for sidelink, according to higher layer parameters \( s l \)-StartSymbol and sl-LengthSymbols, where \( s l \)-StartSymbol is the symbol index of the first symbol of sl-LengthSymbols consecutive symbols configured for sidelink.
- Within the slot, PSSCH resource allocation starts at symbol sl-StartSymbol +1 .
- The UE shall not transmit PSSCH in symbols which are configured for use by PSFCH, if PSFCH is configured in this slot.
- The UE shall not transmit PSSCH in the last symbol configured for sidelink.

ETSI