<!-- Page 53 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
52
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

ResourceSet are transmitted in different OFDM symbols. If repetition is set to 'off', the UE shall not assume that the CSI-RS resources within the NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet are transmitted with the same downlink spatial domain transmission filter.

If the UE is configured with a CSI-ReportConfig with reportQuantity set to 'cri-RSRP', 'cri-SINR' or 'none' and if the CSI-ResourceConfig for channel measurement (higher layer parameter resourcesForChannelMeasurement) contains a NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet that is configured with the higher layer parameter repetition and without the higher layer parameter trs-Info, the UE can only be configured with the same number (1 or 2) of ports with the higher layer parameter nrofPorts for all CSI-RS resources within the set. If the UE is configured with the CSI-RS resource in the same OFDM symbol(s) as an SS/PBCH block, the UE may assume that the CSI-RS and the SS/PBCH block are quasi co-located with 'typeD' if 'typeD' is applicable. Furthermore, the UE shall not expect to be configured with the CSI-RS in PRBs that overlap with those of the SS/PBCH block, and the UE shall expect that the same subcarrier spacing is used for both the CSI-RS and the SS/PBCH block.
5.1.6.1.3 CSI-RS for mobility

If a UE is configured with the higher layer parameter CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility and the higher layer parameter associatedSSB is not configured, the UE shall perform measurements based on CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility and the UE may base the timing of the CSI-RS resource on the timing of the serving cell.

If a UE is configured with the higher layer parameters CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility and associatedSSB, the UE may base the timing of the CSI-RS resource on the timing of the cell given by the cellld of the CSI-RS resource configuration. Additionally, for a given CSI-RS resource, if the associated SS/PBCH block is configured but not detected by the UE, the UE is not required to monitor the corresponding CSI-RS resource. The higher layer parameter isQuasiColocated indicates whether the associated SS/PBCH block given by the associatedSSB and the CSI-RS resource(s) are quasi colocated with respect to 'typeD', when applicable.

If a UE is configured with the higher layer parameter CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility and with periodicity greater than 10 msec in paired spectrum, the UE may assume the absolute value of the time difference between radio frame \( i \) between any two cells, listed in the configuration with the higher layer parameter CSI-RS-CellMobility and with same refFreqCSI-RS, is less than \( 153600 T_{s} \).

If the UE is configured with DRX, the UE is not required to perform measurement of CSI-RS resources other than during the active time for measurements based on CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility. When the UE is configured to monitor DCI format 2_6, the UE is not required to perform measurements other than during the active time and during the timer duration indicated by drx-onDurationTimer in DRX-Config also outside active time based on CSI-RS-ResourceMobility.

If the UE is configured with DRX and DRX cycle in use is larger than 80 msec , the UE may not expect CSI-RS resources are available other than during the active time for measurements based on CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility. If the UE is configured with DRX and configured to monitor DCI format 2_6 and DRX cycle in use is larger than 80 msec , the UE may not expect that the CSI-RS resources are available other than during the active time and during the time duration indicated by drx-onDurationTimer in DRX-Config also outside active time for measurements based on CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility. Otherwise, the UE may assume CSI-RS are available for measurements based on CSI-RS-ResourceMobility.

A UE configured with the higher layer parameters CSI-RS-Resource-Mobility may expect to be configured
- with no more than 96 CSI-RS resources per higher layer parameter MeasObjectNR for UEs not supporting [increasedNumberofCSIRSPerMO-r16] when all CSI-RS resources configured by the same higher layer parameter MeasObjectNR have been configured with associatedSSB, or,
- with no more than 192 CSI-RS resources per higher layer parameter MeasObjectNR for UEs supporting [increasedNumberofCSIRSPerMO-r16] when all CSI-RS resources configured by the same higher layer parameter MeasObjectNR have been configured with associatedSSB, or,
- with no more than 64 CSI-RS resources per higher layer parameter MeasObjectNR when all CSI-RS resources have been configured without associatedSSB or when only some of the CSI-RS resources have been configured with associatedSSB by the same higher layer parameter MeasObjectNR
- For frequency range 1 the associatedSSB is optionally present for each CSI-RS resource.
- For frequency range 2 the associatedSSB is either present for all configured CSI-RS resources or not present for any configured CSI-RS resource per higher layer parameter MeasObjectNR.

ETSI