<!-- Page 217 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
216
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- downlink physical resource blocks replaced by sidelink physical resource blocks
- Transport Block Size determination according to Clause 8.1.3.2
- CSI reference resource according to the Clause 8.5.2.3
- interference measurements are not supported
- sub-band CQI is not supported
- cqi-Table is determined as follows
- cqi-Table = 'table1' if Table 5.1.3.1-1 is determined as the MCS table according to Clause 8.1.3.1 of [6, 38.214],
- cqi-Table = 'table2' if Table 5.1.3.1-2 is determined as the MCS table according to Clause 8.1.3.1 of [6, 38.214],
- cqi-Table = 'table3' if Table 5.1.3.1-3 is determined as the MCS table according to Clause 8.1.3.1 of [6, 38.214]
8.5.2.2 Reference signal (CSI-RS)

The UE can be configured with one CSI-RS pattern as indicated by the higher layer parameters \( s / \)-CSI-RSFreqAllocation, sl-CSI-RS-FirstSymbol in SL-CSI-RS-Config-

Parameters for which the UE shall assume non-zero transmission power for CSI-RS are configured according to clause 8.2.1.

A UE is not expected to be configured such that a CSI-RS and the corresponding PSCCH can be mapped to the same resource element. A UE is not expected to receive sidelink CSI-RS and PSSCH DM-RS, nor CSI-RS and 2nd-stage SCI, on the same symbol.

Sidelink CSI-RS shall be transmitted according to [4, TS 38.211] in the resource blocks used for the PSSCH associated with the SCI format 2-A triggering a report.
8.5.2.3 CSI reference resource definition

The CSI reference resource in sidelink is defined as follows:
- In the frequency domain, the CSI reference resource is defined by the group of sidelink physical resource blocks containing the sidelink CSI-RS to which the derived CSI relates.
- In the time domain, the CSI reference resource for a CSI reporting in sidelink slot \( n \) is defined by a single sidelink slot \( n_{\text {CS }_{-} \text {ref }} \) where \( n_{\text {CSI }_{-} \text {ref }} \) is the same sidelink slot as the corresponding CSI request.

If configured to report CQI index and RI index, in the CSI reference resource, the UE shall assume the following for the purpose of deriving the CQI index and RI index:
- The reference resource uses the CP length and subcarrier spacing configured for the SLBWP.
- Redundancy Version 0.
- PSCCH occupies 2 OFDM symbols.
- The number of PSSCH and DM-RS symbols is equal to sl-LengthSymbols-2.
- Assume no REs allocated for sidelink CSI-RS.
- Assume no REs allocated SCI format 2-A or SCI format 2-B.
- Assume the same number of DM-RS symbols as the smallest one configured by the higher layer parameter \( s \) -PSSCH-DMRS-TimePatternList.
- Assume no REs allocated for sidelink PT-RS.

ETSI