<!-- Page 58 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
57
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

When a UE is receiving PDSCH for retransmission, if the UE is scheduled with an MCS index greater than V, where \( \mathrm{V}=28 \) for MCS Table 5.1.3.1-1 and Table 5.1.3.1-3, and \( \mathrm{V}=27 \) for MCS Table 5.1.3.1-2, and \( \mathrm{V}=26 \) for MCS Table 5.1.3.1-4 respectively, the MCS for the PT-RS time-density determination is obtained from the DCI received for the same transport block in the initial transmission, which is smaller than or equal to V .

The DL DM-RS port(s) associated with a PT-RS port are assumed to be quasi co-located with respect to 'typeA' and 'typeD'. If a UE is scheduled with one codeword, the PT-RS antenna port is associated with the lowest indexed DM-RS antenna port among the DM-RS antenna ports assigned for the PDSCH.

If a UE is scheduled with two codewords, the PT-RS antenna port is associated with the lowest indexed DM-RS antenna port among the DM-RS antenna ports assigned for the codeword with the higher MCS. If the MCS indices of the two codewords are the same, the PT-RS antenna port is associated with the lowest indexed DM-RS antenna port assigned for codeword 0 .

When a UE is not indicated with a DCI that DCI field 'Time domain resource assignment' indicating an entry which contains repetitionNumber in PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation, and if the UE is configured with the higher layer parameter maxNrofPorts equal to \( n 2 \), the UE is not configured with sfnSchemePdsch and if the UE is indicated with two TCI states by the codepoints of the DCI field 'Transmission Configuration Indication' and DM-RS port(s) within two CDM groups in the DCI field 'Antenna Port(s)', the UE shall receive two PT-RS ports which are associated to the lowest indexed DM-RS port among the DM-RS ports corresponding to the first/second indicated TCI state, respectively.

When a UE configured by the higher layer parameter repetitionScheme set to 'fdmSchemeA' or 'fdmSchemeB', and the UE is indicated with two TCI states in a codepoint of the DCI field 'Transmission Configuration Indication' and DMRS port(s) within one CDM group in the DCI field 'Antenna Port(s)', the UE shall receive a single PT-RS port which is associated with the lowest indexed DM-RS antenna port among the DM-RS antenna ports assigned for the PDSCH, a PT-RS frequency density is determined by the number of PRBs associated to each TCI state, and a PT-RS resource element mapping is associated to the allocated PRBs for each TCI state.
5.1.6.4 SRS reception procedure for CLI

The SRS resources defined in Clause 6.4.1.4 of [4, TS 38.211] may be configured for SRS-RSRP measurement for CLI, as defined in Clause 5.1.19 of [7, TS 38.215]. The UE is not expected to measure SRS-RSRP with a subcarrier spacing other than the one configured for the active BWP confining the SRS resource. The UE is not expected to measure SRSRSRP using the SRS-RSRP measurement resource which is not fully confined within the DL active BWP. The UE is not expected to measure more than 32 SRS resources, and the UE is not expected to receive more than 8 SRS resources in a slot.
5.1.6.5 PRS reception procedure

The UE can be configured with one or more DL PRS resource set configuration(s) as indicated by the higher layer parameters NR-DL-PRS-ResourceSet and NR-DL-PRS-Resource as defined by Clause 6.4.3 [17, TS 37.355]. Each DL PRS resource set consists of \( K \geq 1 \) DL PRS resource(s) where each has an associated spatial transmission filter. The UE can be configured with one or more DL PRS positioning frequency layer configuration(s) as indicated by the higher layer parameter NR-DL-PRS-PositioningFrequencyLayer. A DL PRS positioning frequency layer is defined as a collection of DL PRS resource sets which have common parameters configured by NR-DL-PRSPositioningFrequencyLayer.

The UE assumes that the following parameters for each DL PRS resource(s) are configured via higher layer parameters NR-DL-PRS-PositioningFrequencyLayer, NR-DL-PRS-ResourceSet and NR-DL-PRS-Resource.

A positioning frequency layer is configured by NR-DL-PRS-PositioningFrequencyLayer, consists of one or more DL PRS resource sets and it is defined by:
- dl-PRS-SubcarrierSpacing defines the subcarrier spacing for the DL PRS resource. All DL PRS resources and DL PRS resource sets in the same DL PRS positioning frequency layer have the same value of \( d l \)-PRSSubcarrierSpacing. The supported values of dl-PRS-SubcarrierSpacing are given in Table 4.2-1 of [4, TS38.211], excluding the value of 240 kHz .
- dl-PRS-CyclicPrefix defines the cyclic prefix for the DL PRS resource. All DL PRS Resources and DL PRS Resource sets in the same DL PRS positioning frequency layer have the same value of dl-PRS-CyclicPrefix. The supported values of dl-PRS-CyclicPrefix are given in Table 4.2-1 of [4, TS38.211].

ETSI