<!-- Page 68 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
67
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

For a semi-persistent CSI report on PUSCH, the periodicity \( T_{C S I} \) (measured in slots) is configured by the higher layer parameter reportSlotConfig. Unless specified otherwise, the UE shall transmit the CSI report in frames with SFN \( n_{f} \) and slot number within the frame \( n_{s, f}^{\mu} \) satisfying
\[
\left(N_{\text {slot }}^{\text {frame }, \mu}\left(n_{f}-n_{f}^{\text {start }}\right)+n_{s_{, f}}^{\mu}-n_{s, f}^{\text {start }}\right) \bmod \mathrm{T}_{\mathrm{CSI}}=0
\]
where \( n_{f}^{s t a r t} \) and \( n_{s, f}^{s t a r t} \) are the SFN and slot number within the frame respectively of the initial semi-persistent PUSCH transmission according to the activating DCI.

For a semi-persistent or aperiodic CSI report on PUSCH, the allowed slot offsets are configured by the following higher layer parameters:
- if triggered/activated by DCI format \( 0 \_2 \) and the higher layer parameter reportSlotOffsetListDCI-0-2 is configured, the allowed slot offsets are configured by reportSlotOffsetListDCI-0-2, and
- if triggered/activated by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) and the higher layer parameter reportSlotOffsetListDCI-0-1 is configured, the allowed slot offsets are configured by reportSlotOffsetListDCI-0-1, and
- otherwise, the allowed slot offsets are configured by the higher layer parameter reportSlotOffsetList.

The offset is selected in the activating/triggering DCI.
For CSI reporting, a UE can be configured via higher layer signaling with one out of two possible subband sizes, where a subband is defined as \( N_{\text {PRB }}^{\text {SB }} \) contiguous PRBs and depends on the total number of PRBs in the bandwidth part according to Table 5.2.1.4-2.

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 5.2.1.4-2: Configurable subband sizes}
\begin{tabular}{|c|c|}
\hline Bandwidth part (PRBs) & Subband size (PRBs) \\
\hline \( 24-72 \) & 4,8 \\
\hline \( 73-144 \) & 8,16 \\
\hline \( 145-275 \) & 16,32 \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

The reportFreqConfiguration contained in a CSI-ReportConfig indicates the frequency granularity of the CSI Report. A CSI Reporting Setting configuration defines a CSI reporting band as a subset of subbands of the bandwidth part, where the reportFreqConfiguration indicates:
- the csi-ReportingBand as a contiguous or non-contiguous subset of subbands in the bandwidth part for which CSI shall be reported.
- A UE is not expected to be configured with csi-ReportingBand which contains a subband where a CSI-RS resource linked to the CSI Report setting has the frequency density of each CSI-RS port per PRB in the subband less than the configured density of the CSI-RS resource.
- If a CSI-[M resource is linked to the CSI Report Setting, a UE is not expected to be configured with csiReportingBand which contains a subband where not all PRBs in the subband have the CSI-[M REs present.
- wideband CQI or subband CQI reporting, as configured by the higher layer parameter cqi-FormatIndicator. When wideband CQI reporting is configured, a wideband CQI is reported for each codeword for the entire CSI reporting band. When subband CQI reporting is configured, one CQI for each codeword is reported for each subband in the CSI reporting band.
- wideband PMI or subband PMI reporting as configured by the higher layer parameter pmi-FormatIndicator. When wideband PMI reporting is configured, a wideband PMI is reported for the entire CSI reporting band. When subband PMI reporting is configured, except with 2 antenna ports, a single wideband indication (i) in Clause 5.2.2.2) is reported for the entire CSI reporting band and one subband indication ( \( i_{2} \) in clause 5.2.2.2) is reported for each subband in the CSI reporting band. When subband PMIs are configured with 2 antenna ports, a PMI is reported for each subband in the CSI reporting band.
- a UE is not expected to be configured with pmi-FormatIndicator if codebookType is set to 'type[I-r16' or 'type[I-PortSelection-r16' or 'type[I-PortSelection-r17'.

ETSI