<!-- Page 2 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
1
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline Reference \\
\hline RTS/TSGR-0138214vh10 \\
\hline Keywords \\
\hline 5G \\
\hline ETSI 650 Route des Lucioles F-06921 Sophia Antipolis Cedex - FRANCE \\
\hline \\
\hline \\
\hline Tel.: +33492944200 Fax: +33493654716 \\
\hline Siret No 34862356200017 - APE 7112B Association à but non lucratif enregistree a la Sous-Préfecture de Grasse (06) No w061004871 \\
\hline Important notice \\
\hline The present document can be downloaded from: http://www.etsi.org/standards-search \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

The present document may be made available in electronic versions and/or in print. The content of any electronic and/or print versions of the present document shall not be modified without the prior written authorization of ETSI. In case of any existing or perceived difference in contents between such versions and/or in print, the prevailing version of an ETSI deliverable is the one made publicly available in PDF format at www.etsi.org/deliver.

Users of the present document should be aware that the document may be subject to revision or change of status. Information on the current status of this and other ETSI documents is available at https://portal.etsi.org/TB/ETSIDeliverableStatus.aspx

If you find errors in the present document, please send your comment to one of the following services: https://portal.etsi.org/People/CommiteeSupportStaff.aspx

If you find a security vulnerability in the present document, please report it through our
Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure Program:
https://www.etsi.org/standards/coordinated-vulnerability-disclosure
Notice of disclaimer \& limitation of liability
The information provided in the present deliverable is directed solely to professionals who have the appropriate degree of experience to understand and interpret its content in accordance with generally accepted engineering or other professional standard and applicable regulations.
No recommendation as to products and services or vendors is made or should be implied.
No representation or warranty is made that this deliverable is technically accurate or sufficient or conforms to any law and/or governmental rule and/or regulation and further, no representation or warranty is made of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose or against infringement of intellectual property rights.
In no event shall ETSI be held liable for loss of profits or any other incidental or consequential damages.
Any software contained in this deliverable is provided "AS IS" with no warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of intellectual property rights and ETSI shall not be held liable in any event for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of or related to the use of or inability to use the software.

Copyright Notification
No part may be reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and microfilm except as authorized by written permission of ETSI.
The content of the PDF version shall not be modified without the written authorization of ETSI.
The copyright and the foregoing restriction extend to reproduction in all media.
© ETSI 2022.
All rights reserved.

ETSI