<!-- Page 65 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
64
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- For initial transmission of a TB as indicated by the 'New Data Indicator' field of the scheduling DCI, the UE may assume that all the code block groups of the TB are present.
- For a retransmission of a TB as indicated by the 'New Data Indicator' field of the scheduling DCI, the UE may assume that
- The 'CBGTI' field of the scheduling DCI indicates which CBGs of the TB are present in the transmission. A bit value of ' 0 ' in the CBGTI field indicates that the corresponding CBG is not transmitted and ' 1 ' indicates that it is transmitted.
- If the 'CBG flushing out information' (CBGFI) field of the scheduling DCI is present, 'CBGFI' set to ' 0 ' indicates that the earlier received instances of the same CBGs being transmitted may be corrupted, and 'CBGFI' set to ' 1 ' indicates that the CBGs being retransmitted are combinable with the earlier received instances of the same CBGs.
- A CBG contains the same CBs as in the initial transmission of the TB.
5.2 UE procedure for reporting channel state information (CSI)
5.2.1 Channel state information framework

The procedures on aperiodic CSI reporting described in this clause assume that the CSI reporting is triggered by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \), but they equally apply to CSI reporting triggered by DCI format \( 0 \_2 \), by applying the higher layer parameter reportTriggerSizeDCI-0-2 instead of reportTriggerSize.

The time and frequency resources that can be used by the UE to report CSI are controlled by the gNB. CSI may consist of Channel Quality Indicator (CQI), precoding matrix indicator (PMI), CSI-RS resource indicator (CRI), SS/PBCH Block Resource indicator (SSBRI), layer indicator (LI), rank indicator (RI), L1-RSRP, L1-SINR or Capability[Set]Index.

For CQI, PMI, CRI, SSBRI, LI, RI, L1-RSRP, L1-SINR, Capability[Set]Index a UE is configured by higher layers with \( \mathrm{N} \geq 1 \) CSI-ReportConfig Reporting Settings, \( \mathrm{M} \geq 1 \) CSI-ResourceConfig Resource Settings, and one or two list(s) of trigger states (given by the higher layer parameters CSI-AperiodicTriggerStateList and CSI-SemiPersistentOnPUSCHTriggerStateList). Each trigger state in CSI-AperiodicTriggerStateList contains a list of associated CSI-ReportConfigs indicating the Resource Set IDs for channel and optionally for interference. Each trigger state in CSI-SemiPersistentOnPUSCH-TriggerStateList contains one associated CSI-ReportConfig-
5.2.1.1 Reporting settings

Each Reporting Setting CSI-ReportConfig is associated with a single downlink BWP (indicated by higher layer parameter BWP-Id) given in the associated CSI-ResourceConfig for channel measurement and contains the parameter(s) for one CSI reporting band: codebook configuration including codebook subset restriction, time-domain behavior, frequency granularity for CQI and PMI, measurement restriction configurations, and the CSI-related quantities to be reported by the UE such as the layer indicator (LI), L1-RSRP, L1-SINR, CRI, and SSBRI (SSB Resource Indicator) and Capability[Set]Index.

The time domain behavior of the CSI-ReportConfig is indicated by the higher layer parameter reportConfigType and can be set to 'aperiodic', 'semiPersistentOnPUCCH', 'semiPersistentOnPUSCH', or 'periodic'. For 'periodic' and 'semiPersistentOnPUCCH/'semiPersistentOnPUSCH' CSI reporting, the configured periodicity and slot offset applies in the numerology of the UL BWP in which the CSI report is configured to be transmitted on. The higher layer parameter reportQuantity indicates the CSI-related, L1-RSRP-related, L1-SINR-related or Capability[Set][ndex-related quantities to report. The reportFreqConfiguration indicates the reporting granularity in the frequency domain, including the CSI reporting band and if PMI/CQI reporting is wideband or sub-band. The timeRestrictionForChannelMeasurements parameter in CSI-ReportConfig can be configured to enable time domain restriction for channel measurements and timeRestrictionForInterferenceMeasurements can be configured to enable time domain restriction for interference measurements. The CSI-ReportConfig can also contain CodebookConfig, which contains configuration parameters for Type-I, Type II, Enhanced Type II CSI, or Further Enhanced Type II Port Selection including codebook subset restriction when applicable, and configurations of group-based reporting.

ETSI