<!-- Page 61 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
60
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

resource set(s) which are used in determining the UE measurements DL RSTD, or UE Rx-Tx time difference, respectively.

For the DL RSTD, DL PRS-RSRP, and UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements the UE reports an associated higher layer parameter \( n r \)-TimeStamp. The \( n r \)-TimeStamp can include the \( d l \)-PRS-ID, the SFN and the slot number for a subcarrier spacing. These values correspond to the reference which is provided by \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ReferenceInfo.

The UE is expected to measure the DL PRS resource outside the active DL BWP or with a numerology different from the numerology of the active DL BWP if the measurement is made during a configured measurement gap. When the UE is expected to measure the DL PRS resource, the UE may request a measurement gap via higher layer parameter \( N R \) -PRS-MeasurementlnfoList [12, TS 38.331] or as specified in clause X of [10, TS 38.321]. The UE may be preconfigured with one or more measurement gaps each associated with an [ID]. When the UE requests activation or deactivation of a measurement gap as specified in clause \( [X] \) of \( [10 \), TS 38.321] it can request one of the preconfigured measurement gaps by referring to the [ID]. The UE may have one of the preconfigured measurement gap(s) activated or deactivated as specified in clause \( [X] \) of \( [10, T S 38.321] \).

The UE assumes that the DL PRS from the serving cell is not mapped to any symbol that contains SS/PBCH block from the serving cell. If the time frequency location of the SS/PBCH block transmissions from non-serving cells are provided to the UE then the UE also assumes that the DL PRS from a non-serving cell is not mapped to any symbol that contains the SS/PBCH block of the same non-serving cell.

The UE may be configured to measure and report, subject to UE capability, up to 4 DL RSTD measurements per pair of dl-PRS-ID with each measurement between a different pair of DL PRS resources or DL PRS resource sets within the DL PRS configured for those \( d l- \) PRS-ID. The up to 4 measurements being performed on the same pair of \( d l- \) PRS-ID and all DL RSTD measurements in the same report use a single reference timing.

The UE may be configured to measure and report, subject to UE capability, up to 24 DL PRS-RSRP measurements on different DL PRS resources associated with the same \( d l-P R S-I D \). When the UE reports DL PRS-RSRP measurements from one DL PRS resource set, the UE may indicate which DL PRS-RSRP measurements associated with the same higher layer parameter \( n r-D L-P R S-R x B e a m I n d e x[17, T S 37.355] \) have been performed using the same spatial domain filter for reception if for each \( n r-D L-P R S-R x B e a m I n d e x \) reported there are at least 2 DL PRS-RSRP measurements associated with it within the DL PRS resource set. The UE may be configured to measure and optionally report via higher layer signaling \( n r-D L-P R S- \) FirstPathRSRP-Result, subject to UE capability, up to 24 DL PRS RSRPP for the first detected path on different DL PRS resources associated with the same \( d l \)-PRS-ID.

The UE may be configured to optionally report a differential DL RSRPP for a PRS resource with reference to [ \( n r-D L \) -PRS-FirstPathRSRP-Result] and/or a differential DL PRS RSRP with reference to \( [n r-D L-P R S-R S R P- \) Result \( ] \) via higher layer parameter [NR-DL-AoD-AdditionalMeasurementElement].

For each PRS resource, the UE may be configured, subject to UE capability, with [DL-AOD-PRS resource-Subset] that is associated with this PRS resource, where the subset of PRS resources associated with the PRS resource can be in the same or different PRS resource set than the PRS resource. The UE may include UE measurements for the subset of PRS resources in [NR-DL-AoD-AdditionalMeasurementElement] if the UE measurements of the associated PRS resource are reported, where the UE measurement can be DL PRS-RSRP and/or DL PRS-RSRPP. The UE may report DL PRSRSRP and/or DL PRS-RSRPP measurements only for the subset of PRS resources. Subject to UE capability, the UE may be configured with higher layer parameter [DL-AOD Boresight direction] for each PRS resource.

The UE may be provided with beam/antenna information via higher layer parameter [trpBeamAntennaInformation].
The UE may request to be provided with either expected \( \mathrm{DL}-\mathrm{AoD} / \mathrm{ZoD} \) and uncertainty range(s) of expected DL \( \mathrm{AoD} / \mathrm{ZoD} \), or expected \( \mathrm{DL}-\mathrm{AoA} / \mathrm{ZoA} \) and uncertainty range(s) of the expected \( \mathrm{DL}-\mathrm{AoA} / \mathrm{ZoA} \). The UE may be provided with expected DL-AoD/ZoD and uncertainty range(s) of the expected DL-AoD/ZoD. The UE may be provided with expected DL-AoA/ZoA and uncertainty range(s) of the expected DL-AoA/ZoA. The uncertainty range(s) of the expected DL-AoD/DL-AoA may be configured within [0,60]. The uncertainty range(s) of expected DL-ZoD/DL-ZoA may be configured within [0,30].

The UE may be configured to measure and report, subject to UE capability, up to 4 UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements corresponding to a single configured SRS resource or resource set for positioning. Each measurement corresponds to a single received DL PRS resource or resource set which can be in different positioning frequency layers.

The UE may be configured to measure and report via higher layer parameter [AdditionalPath-relativeTiming-Request], subject to UE capability, the timing and the quality metrics of up to 8 additional detected paths, that are associated with each RSTD or UE Rx - Tx time difference. The timing of each additional path is reported relative to the path timing

ETSI