<!-- Page 187 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
186
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

periodic SRS resource sets], where the two SRS resource sets configured with 'semi-persistent' are not activated at the same time. Each SRS resource set has four SRS resources transmitted in different symbols, each SRS resource in a given set consisting of a two SRS ports, and the SRS port pair of the resource in the set is associated with a different UE antenna port pair, and
- For 2T8R, zero or one or two or three or four SRS resource sets configured with resourceType in SRSResourceSet set to 'aperiodic', where in the case of one resource set has four SRS resources transmitted in different symbols, each SRS resource in a given set consisting of a two SRS ports, and the SRS port pair of the resource in the set is associated with a different UE antenna port pair. In the case of two resource sets a total of four SRS resources transmitted in different symbols of two different slots, and where the SRS port pair of each SRS resource in the given two sets is associated with a different UE antenna port pair. In the case of three resource sets a total of four SRS resources transmitted in different symbols of three different slots, and where the SRS port pair of each SRS resource in the given three sets is associated with a different UE antenna port pair. Two sets are configured with one SRS resource in each set and one resource set is configured with two resources. In the case of four resource sets a total of four SRS resources transmitted in different symbols of four different slots, and where the SRS port pair of each SRS resource in the given four sets is associated with a different UE antenna port pair. Four sets are configured with one SRS resource in each set, or
- For 4T8R, zero or one or two SRS resource set configured with a different value of resourceType in SRSResourceSet set to 'periodic' or 'semi-persistent' if the UE is not indicating a capability for [maximum 2 semipersistent and maximum 1 periodic SRS resource sets], or up to two SRS resource sets configured with 'semipersistent' and up to one SRS resource set configured with 'periodic' if the UE is indicating a capability for [maximum 2 semi-persistent and maximum 1 periodic SRS resource sets], where the two SRS resource sets configured with 'semi-persistent' are not activated at the same time. Each SRS resource set has two SRS resources transmitted in different symbols, each SRS resource in a given set consisting of a four SRS ports, and the SRS ports of the resource in the set are associated with a different UE antenna ports, or
- For 4T8R, zero or one or two SRS resource sets configured with resourceType in SRS-ResourceSet set to 'aperiodic', where in the case of one resource set has two SRS resources transmitted in different symbols, each SRS resource in a given set consisting of a four SRS ports, and the SRS ports of the resource in the set are associated with a different UE antenna ports. In the case of two resource sets a total of two SRS resources are transmitted in different symbols of two different slots, and where the SRS ports of each SRS resource in the given two sets are associated with a different UE antenna ports.

The UE is configured with a guard period of \( Y \) symbols, in which the UE does not transmit any other signal, in the case the SRS resources of a set are transmitted in the same slot. The guard period is in-between the SRS resources of the set. For two SRS resource sets of an antenna switching located in two consecutive slots, if UE is capable of transmitting SRS in all symbols in one slot, a guard period of \( Y \) symbols exists between the last OFDM symbol occupied by the SRS resource set in the first slot and the first OFDM symbol occupied by the SRS resource set in the second slot.

For the inter-set guard period, the UE does not transmit any other signal on any symbols of the interval if the interval between SRS resource sets is \( Y \) symbols.
- When both the SRS resource on all of the corresponding symbols prior to the gap and the SRS resource on all of the corresponding symbols after the gap are dropped due to collision handling, the gap period is also dropped with same priority and can be used for UL transmission.

The UE shall expect to be configured with the same number of SRS ports for all SRS resources in the SRS resource set(s) with higher layer parameter usage set as 'antennaSwitching'.

For 1T2R, 1T4R or 2T4R, or 1T6R or 1T8R, 2T6R, 2T8R, 4T8R, the UE shall not expect to be configured or triggered with more than one SRS resource set with higher layer parameter usage set as 'antennaSwitching' in the same slot. For \( 1 \mathrm{~T}=1 \mathrm{R}, 2 \mathrm{~T}=2 \mathrm{R} \) or \( 4 \mathrm{~T}=4 \mathrm{R} \), the UE shall not expect to be configured or triggered with more than one SRS resource set with higher layer parameter usage set as 'antennaSwitching' in the same symbol.

The value of \( Y \) is defined by Table 6.2.1.2-1.

ETSI