<!-- Page 76 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
75
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForInterferenceMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to 'configured', the UE shall derive the interference measurements for computing the L1-SINR reported in uplink slot n based on the most recent, no later than the CSI reference resource, occasion of CSI-IM or NZP CSI-RS for interference measurement (defined in [4, TS 38.211]) or NZP CS[-RS for channel and interference measurement associated with the CSI resource setting.

When the UE is configured a CSI-ReportConfig with the higher layer parameter reportQuantity set to ' cri-SINRCapability[Set]Index' or 'ssb-Index-SINR-Capability[Set]Index' an index of UE capability value, indicating the maximum supported number of SRS antenna ports, is reported along with the pair of SSBRI/CRI and L1-SINR.
5.2.1.5 Triggering/activation of CSI Reports and CSI-RS
5.2.1.5.1 Aperiodic CSI Reporting/Aperiodic CSI-RS when the triggering PDCCH and the CSI-RS have the same numerology

For CSI-RS resource sets associated with Resource Settings configured with the higher layer parameter resourceType set to 'aperiodic', 'periodic', or 'semi-persistent', trigger states for Reporting Setting(s) (configured with the higher layer parameter reportConfigType set to 'aperiodic') and/or Resource Setting for channel and/or interference measurement on one or more component carriers are configured using the higher layer parameter CSI-AperiodicTriggerStateList. For aperiodic CSI report triggering, a single set of CSI triggering states are higher layer configured, wherein the CSI triggering states can be associated with any candidate DL BWP. A UE is not expected to receive more than one DCI with non-zero CSI request field per slot per cell. A UE is not expected to receive DCI with non-zero CSI request field within a cell group in a slot overlapping with any slot receiving DCI with non-zero CSI request field in the same cell group. A UE is not expected to be configured with different TCI-Stateld's for the same aperiodic CSI-RS resource ID configured in multiple aperiodic CSI-RS resource sets with the same triggering offset in the same aperiodic trigger state. A UE is not expected to receive more than one aperiodic CSI report request for transmission in a given slot per cell. A UE is not expected to receive an aperiodic CSI report request for transmission in a slot overlapping with any slot having an aperiodic CSI report transmission in the same cell group. If a UE does not indicate its capability of CSItriggerStateContainingNonactiveB WP the UE is not expected to be triggered with a CSI report for a non-active DL BWP. Otherwise, when a UE is triggered with a CSI report for a DL BWP that is non-active when expecting to receive the most recent occasion, no later than the CSI reference resource, of the associated NZP CSI-RS, the UE is not expected to report the CSI for the non-active DL BWP and the CSI report associated with that BWP is omitted. When a UE is triggered with aperiodic NZP CSI-RS in a DL BWP that is non-active when expecting to receive the NZP CSIRS, the UE is not expected to measure the aperiodic CSI-RS. In the carrier of the serving cell expecting to receive that associated NZP CSI-RS, if the active DL BWP when receiving the NZP CSI-RS is different from the active DL BWP when receiving the triggering DCI ,
- the last symbol of the PDCCH span of the DCI carrying the BWP switching shall be no later than the last symbol of the PDCCH span of the DCI carrying the CSI trigger, irrespective of whether they are in the same carrier of a serving cell or not and irrespective of whether they are in the same SCS or not;
- the UE is not expected to have any other BWP switching in that carrier after the last symbol of the PDCCH span covering the DCI carrying the CSI trigger and before the first symbol of the triggered NZP CSI-RS or CSI-IM.
- when the PDCCH reception includes two PDCCH candidates from two respective search space sets, as described in clause 10.1 of [6, TS 38.213], the span that involves the PDCCH candidate that ends later in time is used.

A trigger state is initiated using the CSI request field in DCI.
- When all the bits of CSI request field in DCI are set to zero, no CSI is requested.
- When the number of configured CSI triggering states in CSI-AperiodicTriggerStateList is greater than \( 2^{N_{\mathrm{Ts}}}-1 \), where \( N_{\text {TS }} \) is the number of bits in the DCI CSI request field, the UE receives a subselection indication, as described in clause 6.1.3.13 of [10, TS 38.321], used to map up to \( 2^{N_{\text {TS }}}-1 \) trigger states to the codepoints of the CSI request field in DCI. \( N_{\mathrm{TS}} \) is configured by the higher layer parameter reportTriggerSize where \( N_{T S} \in\{0,1,2,3,4,5,6\} \). When the UE would transmit a PUCCH with HARQ-ACK information in slot \( n \) corresponding to the PDSCH carrying the subselection indication, the corresponding action in [10, TS 38.321] and UE assumption on the mapping of the selected CSI trigger state(s) to the codepoint(s) of DCI CSI request field shall be applied starting from the first slot that is after slot \( n+3 N_{\text {slot }}^{\text {subframe }, \mu}+\frac{2^{\mu}}{2^{\mu} K_{\text {mac }}} \cdot k_{\text {mac }} \) where \( \mu \) is the

ETSI