<!-- Page 85 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
84
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

where ( \( Z_{3}, Z_{3}^{\prime} \) ) are defined in the table 5.4-2.
In any slot, the UE is not expected to have more active CSI-RS ports or active CSI-RS resources in active BWPs than reported as capability. NZP CSI-RS resource is active in a duration of time defined as follows. For aperiodic CSI-RS, starting from the end of the PDCCH containing the request and ending at the end of the scheduled PUSCH containing the report associated with this aperiodic CSI-RS. When the PDCCH candidates are associated with a search space set configured with searchSpaceLinking, for the purpose of determining the NZP CSI-RS resource active duration, the PDCCH candidate that ends later in time among the two linked PDCCH candidates is used. For semi-persistent CSI-RS, starting from the end of when the activation command is applied, and ending at the end of when the deactivation command is applied. For periodic CSI-RS, starting when the periodic CSI-RS is configured by higher layer signalling, and ending when the periodic CSI-RS configuration is released. If a CSI-RS resource is referred \( N \) times by one or more CSI Reporting Settings, the CSI-RS resource and the CSI-RS ports within the CSI-RS resource are counted \( N \) times. For a CSI-RS Resource Set for channel measurement configured with two Resource Groups and \( N \) Resource Pairs, if a CSIRS resource is referred \( X \) times by one of the \( M \) CSI-RS resources, where \( M \) is defined in clause 5.2.1.4.2, and/or one or two Resource Pairs, the CSI-RS resource and the CSI-RS ports within the CSI-RS resource are counted \( X \) times.
5.2.2 Channel state information
5.2.2.1 Channel quality indicator (CQI)

The CQI indices and their interpretations are given in Table 5.2.2.1-2 or Table 5.2.2.1-4 for reporting CQI based on QPSK, 16QAM and 64QAM. The CQI indices and their interpretations are given in Table 5.2.2.1-3 for reporting CQI based on QPSK, 16QAM, 64QAM and 256QAM. The CQI indices and their interpretations are given in Table 5.2.2.1-5 for reporting CQI based on QPSK, 16QAM, 64QAM, 256QAM and 1024 QAM.

Based on an unrestricted observation interval in time unless specified otherwise in this Clause, and an unrestricted observation interval in frequency, the UE shall derive for each CQI value reported in uplink slot \( n \) the highest CQI index which satisfies the following condition:
- A single PDSCH transport block with a combination of modulation scheme, target code rate and transport block size corresponding to the CQI index, and occupying a group of downlink physical resource blocks termed the CSI reference resource, could be received with a transport block error probability not exceeding:
- 0.1, if the higher layer parameter cqi-Table in CSI-ReportConfig configures 'table1' (corresponding to Table 5.2.2.1-2), or 'table2' (corresponding to Table 5.2.2.1-3), or if the higher layer parameter cqi-Table in CSIReportConfig configures 'table4-r17' (corresponding to Table 5.2.2.1-5), or
- 0.00001, if the higher layer parameter cqi-Table in CSI-ReportConfig configures 'table3' (corresponding to Table 5.2.2.1-4).

If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForChannelMeasurements is set to "notConfigured", the UE shall derive the channel measurements for computing CSI value reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the NZP CSI-RS, no later than the CSI reference resource, (defined in TS 38.211 [4]) associated with the CSI resource setting.

If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForChannelMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to "Configured", the UE shall derive the channel measurements for computing CSI reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the most recent, no later than the CSI reference resource, occasion of NZP CSI-RS (defined in [4, TS 38.211]) associated with the CSI resource setting.

If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForInterferenceMeasurements is set to "notConfigured", the UE shall derive the interference measurements for computing CSI value reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the CSI-IM and/or NZP CSI-RS for interference measurement no later than the CSI reference resource associated with the CSI resource setting.

If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForInterferenceMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to "Configured", the UE shall derive the interference measurements for computing the CSI value reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on the most recent, no later than the CSI reference resource, occasion of CSI-IM and/or NZP CSI-RS for interference measurement (defined in [4, TS 38.211]) associated with the CSI resource setting.

If the higher layer parameter cqi-BitsPerSubband in CSI-ReportConfig is not configured, for each sub-band index \( s \), a 2 bit sub-band differential CQI is defined as:

ETSI