<!-- Page 63 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
62
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- Type 1 duration calculation with UE symbol level buffering capability
\[
\begin{array}{l}
K=\sum_{s \in S} K_{s} \\
K_{s}=T_{s}^{\text {end }}-T_{s}^{\text {start }}
\end{array}
\]
- Type 2 duration calculation with UE slot level buffering capability
\[
K=\frac{1}{2^{\mu}}|S|
\]
- \( S \) is the set of slots based on the numerology of the DL PRS of a serving cell within the \( P \) msec window in the positioning frequency layer that contains potential DL PRS resources considering the actual \( n r-D L-P R S \) ExpectedRSTD, nr-DL-PRS-ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty provided for each pair of DL PRS Resource Sets.
- For Type 1, \( \left[T_{s}^{\text {start }}, T_{s}^{\text {end }}\right] \) is the smallest interval in msec within slot \( s \) corresponding to an integer number of OFDM symbols based on the numerology of the DL PRS of a serving cell that covers the union of the potential PRS symbols and determines the PRS symbol occupancy within slot \( s \), where the interval \( \left[T_{s}^{\text {start }}, T_{s}^{\text {end }}\right] \) considers the actual \( n r \)-DL-PRS-ExpectedRSTD, \( n r \)-DL-PRS-ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty provided for each pair of DL PRS resource sets (target and reference).
- For Type 2, \( \mu \) is the numerology of the DL PRS, and \( |S| \) is the cardinality of the set \( S \).

The UE may be configured to report one or more measurement instances, each with its own timestamp, on DL RSTD, DL PRS-RSRP, and/or UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements, in a single measurement report.

Timing Error Group(s) (TEG(s)) at UE side are defined:
- ueRxTEG is associated with one or more DL measurements, which have the Rx timing error difference within a certain margin.
- \( u e R x T x T E G \) is associated with one or more UE Rx -Tx time difference measurements, which have the 'Rx timing errors+Tx timing errors' difference within a certain margin.

The UE may be configured to report, subject to UE capability, via high layer parameter [UERxTEG-ID-Request_DLTDOA], the association information of DL RSTD measurement(s) with UE Rx TEG(s) via higher layer parameter [ueRxTEG-ID] when the UE reports the DL RSTD measurement(s). The UE may report up to 4 RSTD measurements associated with different DL PRS resources per UE Rx TEG per \( d l \)-PRS-ID.

The UE may report a UE Rx TEG ID via higher layer parameter [ueRxTEG-ID] for a RSTD reference time dl-PRSReferenceInfo and a UE Rx TEG ID for each DL RSTD measurement, where the DL RSTD can be DL RSTD measurement in NR-DL-TDOA-MeasElement and/or NR-DL-TDOA-AdditionalMeasurementElement.

The UE may be configured to measure and report, via high layer parameter [MeasPRSwithDiffRxTEGs_Request] subject to UE capability, RSTD measurements on a PRS resource associated with a dl-PRS-ID using up to 8 different UE Rx TEGs with the same dl-PRS-Referencelnfo. The higher layer parameter [MeasPRSwithDiffRxTEGs_Request] applies to all DL PRS positioning frequency layers.

The UE may be provided with association information of DL PRS resource(s) with Tx TEGs via higher layer parameter [trpTxTEG-ID] for a dl-PRS-ID.

The UE may be configured to report, via high layer parameter [UERxTxTEG-ID-Request], subject to UE capability, the association information of UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement(s) with UE \( \mathrm{RxTx} \mathrm{TEG}(\mathrm{s}) \) via higher layer parameter [ueRxTxTEG-ID]. The UE may report up to 4 UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements associated with different DL PRS resources per UE RxTx TEG per dl-PRS-ID.

The UE may be configured to report, via high layer parameter [UERxTxTEG-ID-Request], subject to UE capability, the association information of UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement(s) with the UE Rx TEG(s) and UE Tx TEG(s) via the higher layer parameters of [ueRxTEG-ID], and [ueTxTEG-ID]. The UE may report up to 4 UE Rx -Tx time difference measurements associated with different DL PRS resources per UE Rx TEG per dl-PRS-ID.

The UE may be configured to measure and report, via high layer parameter [MeasPRSwithDiffRxTEGs_Request_UXRxTx] subject to UE capability, UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements on a PRS resource associated with a \( d l-P \bar{R} S-I D \) using up to 8 different UE Rx TEGs The high layer parameter [MeasPRSwithDiffRxTXTEGs_Request_UXRxTx] applies to all DL PRS positioning frequency layers.

ETSI