<!-- Page 131 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
130
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- For UE processing capability 1: If the PDSCH is mapping type B as given in clause 7.4.1.1 of [4, TS 38.211], and
- if the number of PDSCH symbols allocated is \( L \geq 7 \), then \( d_{1,1}=0 \),
- if the number of PDSCH symbols allocated is \( L \geq 4 \) and \( L \leq 6 \), then \( d_{1, f}=7-L \).
- if the number of PDSCH symbols allocated is \( L=3 \) then \( d_{l, l}=3+\min (d, 1) \), where \( d \) is the number of overlapping symbols of the scheduling PDCCH and the scheduled PDSCH.
- if the number of PDSCH symbols allocated is 2 , then \( d_{,, t}=3+d \), where \( d \) is the number of overlapping symbols of the scheduling PDCCH and the scheduled PDSCH.
- For UE processing capability 2: If the PDSCH is mapping type B as given in clause 7.4.1.1 of [4, TS 38.211],
- if the number of PDSCH symbols allocated is \( L \geq 7 \), then \( d_{l, l}=0 \),
- if the number of PDSCH symbols allocated is \( L \geq 3 \) and \( L \leq 6 \), then \( d_{1,} \) is the number of overlapping symbols of the scheduling PDCCH and the scheduled PDSCH,
- if the number of PDSCH symbols allocated is 2 ,
- if the scheduling PDCCH was in a 3-symbol CORESET and the CORESET and the PDSCH had the same starting symbol, then \( d_{t, t}=3 \),
- otherwise \( d_{L, \text { is }} \) the number of overlapping symbols of the scheduling PDCCH and the scheduled PDSCH.
- For UE processing capability 2 with scheduling limitation when \( \mu_{P D S C H}=1 \), if the scheduled RB allocation exceeds 136 RBs, the UE defaults to capability 1 processing time. The UE may skip decoding a number of PDSCHs with last symbol within 10 symbols before the start of a PDSCH that is scheduled to follow Capability 2, if any of those PDSCHs are scheduled with more than 136 RBs with 30 kHz SCS and following Capability 1 processing time.
- For a UE that supports capability 2 on a given cell, the processing time according to UE processing capability 2 is applied if the high layer parameter processingType2Enabled in PDSCH-ServingCellConfig is configured for the cell and set to 'enable'.
- PDSCH processing capability 2 is not applied to PDSCH scheduled by PDCCH with DCI format \( 4 \_0,4 \_1 \), or 4_2.
- If this PUCCH resource is overlapping with another PUCCH or PUSCH resource, then HARQ-ACK is multiplexed following the procedure in clause \( 9.2-5 \) of [6, TS 38.213], otherwise the HARQ-ACK message is transmitted on PUCCH.

Otherwise the UE may not provide a valid HARQ-ACK corresponding to the scheduled PDSCH. The value of \( T_{p r o c} \), is used both in the case of normal and extended cyclic prefix.

For a PDSCH that consists of two PDSCH transmission occasions in time domain in one slot, \( d_{t, t} \) is calculated based on the first PDSCH transmission occasion in the slot, and as described above.

For PDSCH with mapping Type B , if PDSCH is scheduled by a PDCCH reception that includes two PDCCH candidates from two respective search space sets, as described in clause 10.1 of [6, TS 38.213], \( d_{1,1} \) for PDSCH processing time is determined by considering the PDCCH candidate that results in larger \( \mathrm{d}_{1,1} \) value.

ETSI