<!-- Page 52 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
51
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- the number of periodic NZP CSI-RS resources configured by a TRS-ResourceSet is given by numberOfresources
- the time-domain locations of the two CSI-RS resources in a slot, or of the four CSI-RS resources in two consecutive slots (which are the same across two consecutive slots), is one of
- \( \quad l \in\{4,8\}, l \in\{5,9\} \), or \( l \in\{6,10\} \) for frequency range 1 and frequency range 2,
- \( l \in\{0,4\}, l \in\{1,5\}, l \in\{2,6\}, l \in\{3,7\}, l \in\{7,11\}, l \in\{8,12\} \) or \( l \in\{9,13\} \) for frequency range 2 .
- where the first symbol location in a slot is indicated by firstOFDMSymbollnTimeDomain in the TRSResourceSet and the second symbol location in a slot is firstOFDMSymbollnTimeDomain +4
- a single port CSI-RS resource with density \( \rho=3 \) given by Table 7.4.1.5.3-1 from [4, TS 38.211].
- the band width and the frequency location of the NZP CSI-RS resource, is given by the higher layer parameter nrofRBs, startingRB and frequencyDomainAllocation in a TRS-ResourceSet and applies to all resources in a TRSResourceSet. Band width, nrofRBs, and the initial CRB index, startingRB, of the NZP CSI-RS resource configured by TRS-ResourceSet are not restricted by initial DL BWP.
- UE is not required to receive TRS occasions outside the initial DL BWP.
- the periodicity for periodic NZP CSI-RS resources, is given by the higher layer parameter periodicityAndOffset configured by a TRS-ResourceSet, is one of \( 2^{\mu} X_{p} \) slots where \( X_{F}=10,20,40 \), or 80 and where \( \mu \) is defined in Clause 4.3 of [4, TS 38.211], applies to all resources in a TRS-ResourceSet. The slot offset given by the higher layer parameter periodicityAndOffset configured by a TRS-ResourceSet provides the location of the first slot containing the periodic NZP CSI-RS resources configured by by a TRS-ResourceSet.
- the UE does not expect the TRS-ResourceSet to be configured with the periodicity of \( 2^{\mu} \times 10 \) slots if the band width of NZP CSI-RS resource is larger than 52 resource blocks.
- the UE may assume the sub-carrier spacing of the NZP CSI-RS resources configured by TRS-ResourceSet to be same as the sub-carrier spacing of the initial DL BWP.
- powerControlOffsetSS given by a TRS-ResourceSet applies to all resources in a TRS-ResourceSet.
- the QCL information for periodic NZP CSI-RS resources, is given by the higher layer parameter \( s s b \)-Index configured by a TRS-ResourceSet, is a SS/PBCH block, applies to all resources in a TRS-ResourceSet.
- One or more scramblingIDs where if a single scramblingID is configured, it applies to all NZP-CSI-RS resources in the resource set, otherwise, each NZP-CSI-RS resource is provided with a scramblingID.
- the UE may assume the following quasi co-location type(s):
- 'typeC' with an SS/PBCH block and, when applicable, 'typeD' with the same SS/PBCH block.

For each TRS-ResourceSet the index of the associated bit in TRS availability indication field [5, TS 38.212], is given by the higher layer parameter indBitID.
5.1.6.1.1.1 Aperiodic CSI-RS for fast SCell activation

A UE can be configured with aperiodic CSI-RS resources for tracking for an SCell for fast SCell activation using \( N Z P \) -CSI-RS-ResourceSet(s) with the higher layer parameter scellActivationRS-ConfigToAddModList, with the QCL relation as with aperiodic CSI-RS for tracking in clause 5.1.6.1.1.

Each CSI-RS resource, defined in clause 7.4.1.5.3 of [4, TS 38.211], for fast SCell activation is configured by the higher layer parameter NZP-CSI-RS-Resource with the same restrictions as defined for CSI-RS for tracking in clause 5.1.6.1.1.
5.1.6.1.2 CSI-RS for L1-RSRP and L1-SINR computation

If a UE is configured with a NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet configured with the higher layer parameter repetition set to 'on', the UE may assume that the CSI-RS resources, described in Clause 5.2.2.3.1, within the NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet are transmitted with the same downlink spatial domain transmission filter, where the CSI-RS resources in the NZP-CSI-RS-

ETSI