<!-- Page 200 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
199
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

In the frequency domain, a sidelink resource pool consists of \( s / \)-NumSubchannel contiguous sub-channels. A subchannel consists of sl-SubchannelSize contiguous PRBs, where sl-NumSubchannel and sl-SubchannelSize are higher layer parameters.

The set of slots that may belong to a sidelink resource pool is denoted by \( \left(t_{0}^{S L}, t_{1}^{S L}, \cdots, t_{T_{\text {max }}-1}^{S L}\right) \) where
- \( 0 \leq t_{i}^{S L}<10240 \times 2^{\mu}, 0 \leq i<T_{\max } \),
- the slot index is relative to slot\#0 of the radio frame corresponding to SFN 0 of the serving cell or DFN 0 ,
- the set includes all the slots except the following slots,
- \( \quad N_{S \_S S B} \) slots in which S-SS/PSBCH block (S-SSB) is configured,
- \( \quad N_{n o n S L} \) slots in each of which at least one of \( Y-t h,(Y+1)-t h, \ldots,(Y+X-1)-t h \) OFDM symbols are not semistatically configured as UL as per the higher layer parameter tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon of the serving cell if provided or sl-TDD-Configuration if provided or sl-TDD-Config of the received PSBCH if provided, where \( Y \) and \( X \) are set by the higher layer parameters sl-StartSymbol and sl-LengthSymbols, respectively.
- The reserved slots which are determined by the following steps.
1) the remaining slots excluding \( N_{S_{-} S S B} \) slots and \( N_{\text {nonSL }} \) slots from the set of all the slots are denoted by ( \( l_{0}, l_{1}, \cdots, l_{\left(10240 \times 2^{\mu}-N_{S S B}-N_{n o n S L}-1\right)} \) ) arranged in increasing order of slot index.
2) a slot \( l_{r}\left(0 \leq r<10240 \times 2^{\mu}-N_{S S B}-N_{\text {nonSL }}\right) \) belongs to the reserved slots if \( r= \left\lfloor\frac{m \cdot\left(10240 \times 2^{\mu}-N_{S S B}-N_{\text {nonSL }}\right)}{N_{\text {reserved }}}\right\rfloor \), here \( m=0,1, \cdots, N_{\text {reserved }}-1 \) and \( N_{\text {reserved }}=\left(10240 \times 2^{\mu}-N_{S S B}-\right. \left.N_{\text {nonSL }}\right) \bmod L_{\text {bitmap }} \) where \( L_{\text {bitmap }} \) denotes the length of bitmap configured by higher layers.
- The slots in the set are arranged in increasing order of slot index.

The UE determines the set of slots assigned to a sidelink resource pool as follows:
- a bitmap \( \left(b_{0}, b_{1}, \ldots, b_{L_{\text {bitmap }}-1}\right) \) associated with the resource pool is used where \( L_{\text {bitmap }} \) the length of the bitmap is configured by higher layers.
- a slot \( t_{k}^{S L}\left(0 \leq k<10240 \times 2^{\mu}-N_{S S B}-N_{\text {nonSL }}-N_{\text {reserved }}\right) \) belongs to the set if \( b_{k^{\prime}}=1 \) where \( k^{\prime}= k \bmod L_{\text {bitmap }} \) -
- The slots in the set are re-indexed such that the subscripts \( i \) of the remaining slots \( t^{\prime S L} \) are successive \( \{0,1, \ldots \), \( \left.T^{\prime}{ }_{\text {max }}-1\right\} \) where \( T^{\prime}{ }_{\text {max }} \) is the number of the slots remaining in the set.

The UE determines the set of resource blocks assigned to a sidelink resource pool as follows:
- The resource block pool consists of \( N_{P R B} \) PRBs.
- The sub-channel \( m \) for \( m=0,1, \cdots \), numSubchannel -1 consists of a set of \( n_{\text {subcHsize }} \) contiguous resource blocks with the physical resource block number \( n_{P R B}=n_{S u b C H R B s t a r t}+m \cdot n_{\text {subCHsize }}+j \) for \( j= 0,1, \cdots, n_{\text {sub } \text { CH size }}-1 \), where \( n_{\text {sub } \text { CHRBstart }} \) and \( n_{\text {sub CH size }} \) are given by higher layer parameters s \( / \)-StartRBSubchannel and sl-SubchannelSize, respectively

A UE is not expected to use the last \( N_{P R B} \bmod n_{\text {subCHsize }} \) PRBs in the resource pool.
8.1 UE procedure for transmitting the physical sidelink shared channel

Each PSSCH transmission is associated with an PSCCH transmission.
That PSCCH transmission carries the \( 1^{\text {st }} \) stage of the SCI associated with the PSSCH transmission; the \( 2^{\text {nd }} \) stage of the associated SCI is carried within the resource of the PSSCH.

ETSI