<!-- Page 216 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
215
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
8.4.3 PT-RS reception procedure

Reception of PT-RS is only supported in frequency range 2.
The UE PT-RS reception procedure specified in clause 5.1.6.3 applies for derivation of the PT-RS parameters \( L_{P T-R S} \) and \( K_{P I-R S} \) and for determination of PT-RS presence, with the following changes:
- timeDensity and frequencyDensity in PTRS-DownlinkConfig are replaced by sl-PTRS-TimeDensity and sl-PTRSFreqDensity in SL-PTRS-Config respectively, and SL-PTRS-Config is (pre)configured per resource pool;
- the number of antenna ports is the same as the number of PSSCH DM-RS antenna ports and the association between a PT-RS antenna port and a PSSCH DM-RS antenna port is fixed.
8.5 UE procedure for reporting channel state information (CSI)
8.5.1 Channel state information framework

CSI consists of Channel Quality Indicator (CQI) and Rank Indicator (RI). The CQI and RI are always reported together.
8.5.1.1 Reporting configurations

The UE shall calculate CSI parameters (if reported) assuming the following dependencies between CSI parameters (if reported)
- CQI shall be calculated conditioned on the reported RI

The CSI reporting can be aperiodic (using [10, TS 38.321]). Table 8.5.1.1-1 shows the supported combinations of CSI reporting configurations and CSI-RS configurations and how the CSI reporting is triggered for CSI-RS configuration. Aperiodic CSI-RS is configured and triggered/activated as described in Clause 8.5.1.2.

Table 8.5.1.1-1 Triggering/Activation of CSI reporting for the possible CSI-RS Configurations.

For CSI reporting, supported. A wideband single codeword for the

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline CSI-RS Configuration & Aperiodic CSI Reporting \\
\hline Aperiodic CSI-RS & Triggered by SCI. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
wideband CQI reporting is CQ[ is reported for a entire CSI reporting band.
8.5.1.2 Triggering of sidelink CSI reports

The CSI-triggering UE is not allowed to trigger another aperiodic CSI report for the same UE before the last slot of the expected reception or completion of the ongoing aperiodic CSI report associated with the SCI format 2-A with the 'CSI request' field set to 1 , where the last slot of the expected reception of the ongoing aperiodic CSI report is given by [10, TS38.321].

An aperiodic CSI report is triggered by an SCI format 2-A with the 'CSI request' field set to 1 .
A UE is not expected to transmit a sidelink CSI-RS and a sidelink PT-RS which overlap.
8.5.2 Channel state information
8.5.2.1 CSI reporting quantities
8.5.2.1.1 Channel quality indicator (CQI)

The UE shall derive CQI as specified in clause 5.2.2.1, with the following changes
- PDSCH replaced by PSSCH
- uplink slot replaced by sidelink slot

ETSI