<!-- Page 174 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
173
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

transmissions of PUCCH repetition to the last slot determined for PUCCH transmissions of PUCCH repetition according to clause 9.2.6 of [6, TS 38.213].
- For PUSCH transmission of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \) and PUSCH repetition Type A with a configured grant, when AvailableSlotCounting is enabled, and for TB processing over multiple slots:
- The start of the first nominal TDW is the first slot determined for the first PUSCH transmission.
- The end of the last nominal TDW is the last slot determined for the last PUSCH transmission.
- The start of any other nominal TDWs is the first slot determined for PUSCH transmission after the last slot determined for PUSCH transmission of a previous nominal TDW.
- For PUSCH transmissions of a PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \) and PUSCH repetition Type A with a configured grant, when the UE is not configured with AvailableSlotCounting or when AvailableSlotCounting is disabled, and for PUSCH repetition type B:
- The start of the first nominal TDW is the first slot for the first PUSCH transmission.
- The end of the last nominal TDW is the last slot for the last PUSCH transmission.
- The start of any other nominal TDWs is the first slot after the last slot of a previous nominal TDW.
- For PUCCH transmissions of a PUCCH repetition:
- The start of the first nominal TDW is the first slot determined for the first PUCCH transmission.
- The end of the last nominal TDW is the last slot determined for the last PUCCH transmission.
- The start of any other nominal TDWs is the first slot determined for PUCCH transmission after the last slot determined for PUCCH transmission of a previous nominal TDW.

For PUSCH transmissions of a PUSCH repetition Type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2, \mathrm{PUSCH} \) repetition Type A with a configured grant, PUSCH repetition Type B and TB processing over multiple slots, a nominal TDW consists of one or multiple actual TDWs. The UE determines the actual TDWs as follows:
- The start of the first actual TDW is the first symbol of the first PUSCH transmission in a slot for PUSCH transmission of PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or PUSCH repetition Type A with a configured grant, or PUSCH repetition type B or TB processing over multiple slots within the nominal TDW.
- The end of an actual TDW is
- The last symbol of the last PUSCH transmission in a slot for PUSCH transmission of PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or PUSCH repetition Type A with a configured grant, or PUSCH repetition type B or TB processing over multiple slots within the nominal TDW, if the actual TDW reaches the end of the last PUSCH transmission within the nominal TDW.
- The last symbol of a PUSCH transmission before the event, if an event occurs which causes power consistency and phase continuity not to be maintained across PUSCH transmissions of PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or PUSCH repetition Type A with a configured grant, or PUSCH repetition type B or TB processing over multiple slots within the nominal TDW, and the PUSCH transmission is in a slot for PUSCH transmission of PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or PUSCH repetition Type A wth a configured grant, or PUSCH repetition type B or TB processing over multiple slots.
- When PUSCH-Window-Restart is enabled, the start of a new actual TDW is the first symbol of the PUSCH transmission after the event which causes power consistency and phase continuity not to be maintained across PUSCH transmissions of PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or PUSCH repetition Type A with a configured grant, or PUSCH repetition type B or TB processing over multiple slots within the nominal TDW, and the PUSCH transmission is in a slot for PUSCH transmission of PUSCH repetition type A scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or \( 0 \_2 \), or PUSCH repetition Type A with a configured grant, or PUSCH repetition type B or TB processing over multiple slots.

ETSI