<!-- Page 207 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
206
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- \( \quad Y^{\prime} \) is selected by UE where \( Y^{\prime} \geq Y_{\text {min }}^{\prime} \). When the UE performs contiguous partial sensing and if \( P_{\text {rsvp_TX }}=0 \), if the number of candidate single-slot resources \( Y^{\prime} \) is smaller than \( Y_{\text {min }}^{\prime} \), it is up to UE implementation to include other candidate slots.

The total number of candidate single-slot resources is denoted by \( M_{\text {total }} \) -
2) The sensing window is defined by the range of slots \( \left[n-T_{0}, n-T_{p r o c, 0}^{S L}\right) \), when the UE performs full sensing, where \( T_{0} \) is defined above and \( T_{\text {proc }, 0}^{S L} \) is defined in slots in Table 8.1.4-1 where \( \mu_{S L} \) is the SCS configuration of the SL BWP. The UE shall monitor slots which belongs to a sidelink resource pool within the sensing window except for those in which its own transmissions occur. The UE shall perform the behaviour in the following steps based on PSCCH decoded and RSRP measured in these slots.

When the UE performs periodic-based partial sensing, the UE shall monitor slots at \( t_{y-k \times P_{\text {reserve }}}^{S L} \), where \( t_{y}^{S L} \) is a slot of the selected candidate slots. The UE shall perform the behaviour in the following steps based on PSCCH decoded and RSRP measured in these slots.

The value of \( P_{\text {reserv }} \) corresponds to periodicSensingOccasionReservePeriodList if configured, otherwise, the values correspond to all periodicity from sl-ResourceReservePeriodList.

The UE monitors \( k \) sensing occasions determined by additionalPeriodicSensingOccasion, as previously described, and not earlier than \( n-T_{0} \). For a given periodicity \( P_{\text {reserves }} \) the values of \( k \) correspond to the most recent sensing occasion earlier than \( t_{y 0}^{S L}-\left(T_{p r o c, 0}^{S L}+T_{p r o c, 1}^{S L}\right) \) if additionalPeriodicSensingOccasion is not (pre-)configured, and additionally includes the value of \( k \) corresponding to the last periodic sensing occasion prior to the most recent one if additionalPeriodicSensingOccasion is (pre-)configured. \( t_{y 0}^{S L} \) is the first slot of the selected \( Y \) candidate slots of PBPS.

When the UE performs periodic-based partial sensing and contiguous partial sensing with periodic reservation for another TB (sl-MultiReserveResource) enabled, the sensing window is defined by the range of slots \( [n+ \left.T_{A}, n+T_{B}\right] . n+T_{\mathrm{A}} \) is \( M \) consecutive logical slots earlier than slot \( t_{y 0}^{S L} \), and \( n+T_{\mathrm{B}} \) is \( T_{\text {proc }, 0}^{S L}+T_{\text {proc }, 1}^{S L} \) slots earlier than \( t_{y 0}^{S L} \), where \( t_{y 0}^{S L} \) is the first slot of the selected \( Y \) candidate slots of PBPS, and \( T_{\text {proc }, 0}^{S L}, T_{\text {proc }, 1}^{S L} \) are in units of physical time/slots. If \( P_{\text {rsvp_TX }} \neq 0 \) the value of \( M \) is (pre-)configured with the contiguousSensingWindowPeriodic. If contiguousSensingWindowPeriodic is not (pre-)configured, \( M \) equals to 31. When the minimum \( M \) slots for CPS cannot be guaranteed and when \( P_{\text {rsvp_TX }}=0 \), it is up to UE implementation to either continue with step 3) or perform random selection.

When the UE performs contiguous partial sensing with periodic reservation for another TB (s \( l \) MultiReserveResource) disabled and if \( P_{\mathrm{rsvp} \_\mathrm{Tx}}=0 \), the sensing window is defined by the range of slots \( [n+ \left.T_{A}, n+T_{B}\right] . T_{A} \) and \( T_{B} \) are both selected such that the UE has sensing results starting at \( M \) consecutive logical slots before \( t_{y 0}^{S L} \) and ending at \( T_{\text {proc }, 0}^{S L}+T_{\text {proc }, 1}^{S L} \) slots earlier than \( t_{y 0}^{S L} \). The value of \( M \) is (pre-)configured with the contiguousSensingWindowAperiodic. If contiguousSensingWindowAperiodic is not (pre-)configured, \( M \) equals to 31 . When the minimum \( M \) slots for CPS cannot be guaranteed and when \( P_{\text {rsvp_TX }}=0 \), it is up to UE implementation to either continue with step 3) or perform random selection.

Whether the UE is required to performs SL reception of PSCCH and RSRP measurement for partial sensing on slots in SL DRX inactive time is enabled/disabled by higher layer parameter partialSensingInactiveTime. When it is enabled, if UE performs periodic-based partial sensing on the slots in SL DRX inactive time for a given \( P_{\text {rsvp_TX }} \), UE monitors only the default periodic sensing occasions (most recent sensing occasion) from the slots; if UE performs contiguous partial sensing on the slots in SL DRX inactive time, UE monitors a minimum of \( M \) slots from the slots.
3) The internal parameter \( T h\left(p_{i}, p_{j}\right) \) is set to the corresponding value of RSRP threshold indicated by the \( i \)-th field in sl-Thres-RSRP-List, where \( i=p_{i}+\left(p_{j}-1\right) * 8 \).
4) The set \( S_{A} \) is initialized to the set of all the candidate single-slot resources.
5) The UE shall exclude any candidate single-slot resource \( R_{\mathrm{x}, \mathrm{y}} \) from the set \( S_{A} \) if it meets all the following conditions:
- the UE has not monitored slot \( t^{\prime S L} \) in Step 2.
- for any periodicity value allowed by the higher layer parameter \( s \) /-ResourceReservePeriodList and a hypothetical SCI format 1-A received in slot \( t^{\prime}{ }_{m}^{S L} \) with 'Resource reservation period' field set to that

ETSI