<!-- Page 75 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
74
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

a 4-bit value. The differential L1-RSRP value is computed with 2 dB step size with a reference to the largest measured L1-RSRP value which is part of the same L1-RSRP reporting instance. The mapping between the reported L1-RSRP value and the measured quantity is described in [11, TS 38.133].

When the higher layer parameter groupBasedBeamReporting-r I 7in CSI-ReportConfig is configured, the UE shall indicate the CSI Resource Set associated with the largest measured value of L1-RSRP, and for each group, CRI or SSBRI of the indicated CSI Resource Set is present first.

If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForChannelMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to "notConfigured", the UE shall derive the channel measurements for computing L1-RSRP value reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the SS/PBCH or NZP CSI-RS, no later than the CSI reference resource, (defined in TS 38.211[4]) associated with the CSI resource setting.

If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForChannelMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to "Configured", the UE shall derive the channel measurements for computing L1-RSRP reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the most recent, no later than the CSI reference resource, occasion of SS/PBCH or NZP CSI-RS (defined in [4, TS 38.211]) associated with the CSI resource setting.

When the UE is configured with [NumberOfAdditionalPCI], a CSI-SSB-ResourceSet configured for L1-RSRP reporting includes one or more sets of SSB indices where PCI indices are associated with the sets of SSB indices, respectively.

When the UE is configured with a CSI-ReportConfig with the higher layer parameter reportQuantity set to ' cri-RSRPCapability[Set]Index' or 'ssb-Index-RSRP-Capability[Set]Index' an index of UE capability value set, indicating the maximum supported number of SRS antenna ports, is reported along with the pair of SSBRI/CRI and L1-RSRP.
5.2.1.4.4 L1-SINR Reporting

For L1-SINR computation, for channel measurement the UE may be configured with NZP CSI-RS resources and/or SS/PBCH Block resources, for interference measurement the UE may be configured with NZP CSI-RS or CSI-IM resources.
- for channel measurement, the UE may be configured with CSI-RS resource setting with up to 16 resource sets, with a total of up to 64 CSI -RS resources or up to \( 64 \mathrm{SS} / \mathrm{PBCH} \) Block resources.

For L1-SINR reporting, if the higher layer parameter nrofReportedRS in CSI-ReportConfig is configured to be one, the reported L1-SINR value is defined by a 7-bit value in the range [-23,40] dB with 0.5 dB step size, and if the higher layer parameter nrofReportedRS is configured to be larger than one, or if the higher layer parameter groupBasedBeamReporting is configured as 'enabled', the UE shall use differential L1-SINR based reporting, where the largest measured value of L1-SINR is quantized to a 7-bit value in the range [ \( -23,40 \) ] dB with 0.5 dB step size, and the differential L1-SINR is quantized to a 4 -bit value. The differential L1-SINR is computed with 1 dB step size with a reference to the largest measured L1-SINR value which is part of the same L1-SINR reporting instance. When NZP CSI-RS is configured for channel measurement and/or interference measurement, the reported L1-SINR values should not be compensated by the power offset(s) given by higher layer parameter powerControOffsetSS or powerControlOffset.

When one or two resource settings are configured for L1-SINR measurement
- If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForChannelMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to 'notConfigured', the UE shall derive the channel measurements for computing L1-SINR reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the SSB or NZP CSI-RS, no later than the CSI reference resource, (defined in TS 38.211 [4]) associated with the CSI resource setting.
- If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForChannelMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to 'configured', the UE shall derive the channel measurements for computing L1-SINR reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the most recent, no later than the CSI reference resource, occasion of SSB or NZP CSI-RS (defined in [4, TS 38.211]) associated with the CSI resource setting.
- If the higher layer parameter timeRestrictionForInterferenceMeasurements in CSI-ReportConfig is set to 'notConfigured', the UE shall derive the interference measurements for computing L1-SINR reported in uplink slot \( n \) based on only the CSI-IM or NZP CSI-RS for interference measurement (defined in [4, TS 38.211]) or NZP CSI-RS for channel and interference measurement no later than the CSI reference resource associated with the CSI resource setting.

ETSI