<!-- Page 215 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
214
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
8.2.2 PSSCH DM-RS transmission procedure

The UE selects the DM-RS time domain pattern out of the patterns configured using the higher layer parameter \( s \) -PSSCH-DMRS-TimePatternList for the resource pool on which the PSSCH is to be transmitted. If more than one DMRS time domain pattern is configured, the selected pattern is indicated by the 'DMRS pattern' field in the SCI format 1A associated with the PSSCH transmission.

If PSSCH DM-RS and PSCCH are mapped to the same OFDM symbol, then this mapping within a single sub-channel is only supported if higher layer parameter \( s \)-SubchannelSize \( >=20 \), i.e the sub-channel size is at least 20 PRBs.

When a sub-channel size is less than 20 PRBs and the size of PSCCH is less than the sub-channel size, a UE is not expected to choose a PSSCH DM-RS pattern to be transmitted in the same OFDM symbol with PSCCH.
8.2.3 PT-RS transmission procedure

Transmission of PT-RS is only supported in frequency range 2.
The UE PT-RS transmission procedure specified in clause 6.2.3.1 applies for derivation of the PT-RS parameters \( L_{P T-R S} \) and \( K_{P T-R S} \) and for determination of PT-RS presence, with the following changes:
- timeDensity and frequencyDensity in PTRS-UplinkConfig are replaced by sl-PTRS-TimeDensity and sl-PTRSFreqDensity in SL-PTRS-Config respectively, and SL-PTRS-Config is (pre)configured per resource pool;
- the number of antenna ports is the same as the number of PSSCH DM-RS antenna ports and the association between a PT-RS antenna port and a PSSCH DM-RS antenna port is fixed.
8.3 UE procedure for receiving the physical sidelink shared channel

For sidelink resource allocation mode 1, a UE upon detection of SCI format 1-A on PSCCH can decode PSSCH according to the detected SCI formats 2-A and 2-B, and associated PSSCH resource configuration configured by higher layers. The UE is not required to decode more than one PSCCH at each PSCCH resource candidate.

For sidelink resource allocation mode 2, a UE upon detection of SCI format 1-A on PSCCH can decode PSSCH according to the detected SCI formats 2-A and 2-B, and associated PSSCH resource configuration configured by higher layers. The UE is not required to decode more than one PSCCH at each PSCCH resource candidate.

A UE is required to decode neither the corresponding SCI formats 2-A and 2-B nor the PSSCH associated with an SCI format 1-A if the SCI format 1-A indicates an MCS table that the UE does not support.
8.4 UE procedure for receiving reference signals
8.4.1 CSI-RS reception procedure

The CSI-RS defined in Clause 8.4.1.5 of [4, TS 38.211] may be used for CSI computation.
8.4.2 DM-RS reception procedure for RSRP computation
8.4.2.1 RSRP for resource selection in sidelink resource allocation mode 2

In sidelink resource allocation mode 2 , the UE measures RSRP for resource selection as follows:
- PSSCH-RSRP over the DM-RS resource elements for the PSSCH according to the received SCI format 1-A if higher layer parameter s/-RS-ForSensing is set to 'pssch', and
- PSCCH-RSRP over the DM-RS resource elements for the PSCCH carrying to the received SCI format 1-A if higher layer parameter s/-RS-ForSensing is set to 'pscch'.

ETSI