<!-- Page 60 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
59
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- dl-PRS-CombSizeN defines the comb size of a DL PRS resource where the allowable values are given in Clause 7.4.1.7.3 of [TS38.211]. All DL PRS resource sets belonging to the same positioning frequency layer have the same value of dl-PRS-CombSizeN.
- dl-PRS-ResourceBandwidth defines the number of resource blocks configured for DL PRS transmission. The parameter has a granularity of 4 PRBs with a minimum of 24 PRBs and a maximum of 272 PRBs. All DL. PRS resources sets within a positioning frequency layer have the same value of \( d l \)-PRS-ResourceBandwidth.
- dl-PRS-StartPRB defines the starting PRB index of the DL PRS resource with respect to reference Point A, where reference Point A is given by the higher-layer parameter \( d l \)-PRS-PointA. The starting PRB index has a granularity of one PRB with a minimum value of 0 and a maximum value of 2176 PRBs. All DL PRS resource sets belonging to the same positioning frequency layer have the same value of \( d l \)-PRS-StartPRB.
- dl-PRS-NumSymbols defines the number of symbols of the DL PRS resource within a slot where the allowable values are given in Clause 7.4.1.7.3 of [4, TS38.211].

A DL PRS resource is defined by:
- \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ResourceID determines the DL PRS resource configuration identity. All DL PRS resource IDs are locally defined within a DL PRS resource set.
- dl-PRS-SequencelD is used to initialize \( \mathrm{c}_{\text {mit }} \) value used in pseudo random generator as described in Clause 7.4.1.7.2 of [4, TS 38.211 ] for generation of DL PRS sequence for a given DL PRS resource.
- dl-PRS-CombSizeN-AndReOffset defines the starting RE offset of the first symbol within a DL. PRS resource in frequency. The relative RE offsets of the remaining symbols within a DL PRS resource are defined based on the initial offset and the rule described in Clause 7.4.1.7.3 of [4, TS 38.211].
- dl-PRS-ResourceSlotOffset determines the starting slot of the DL PRS resource with respect to corresponding DL PRS resource set slot offset.
- dl-PRS-ResourceSymbolOffset determines the starting symbol of a slot configured with the DL PRS resource.
- dl-PRS-QCL-Info defines any quasi co-location information of the DL PRS resource with other reference signals. The DL PRS may be configured with QCL 'typeD' with a DL PRS associated with the same \( d l-P R S-I D \), or with \( r s \)-Type set to 'typeC', 'typeD', or 'typeC-plus-typeD' with a SS/PBCH Block from a serving or non-serving cell.

The UE assumes constant EPRE is used for all REs of a given DL PRS resource.
The UE may be indicated by the network that DL PRS resource(s) can be used as the reference for the DL RSTD, DL PRS-RSRP, and UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements in a higher layer parameter \( n r-D L- \) PRS-ReferenceInfo. The reference indicated by the network to the UE can also be used by the UE to determine how to apply higher layer parameters \( n r-D L- \) PRS-ExpectedRSTD and \( n r-D L- \) PRS-ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty. The UE expects the reference to be indicated whenever it is expected to receive the DL PRS. This reference provided by \( n r-D L-P R S- \) Referencelnfo may include a \( d l-P R S-I D \), a DL PRS resource set ID, and optionally a single DL PRS resource ID or a list of DL PRS resource [Ds [17, TS 37.355]. The UE may use different DL PRS resources or a different DL PRS resource set to determine the reference for the RSTD measurement as long as the condition that the DL PRS resources used belong to a single DL PRS resource set is met. If the UE chooses to use a different reference than indicated by the network, then it is expected to report the \( d l \)-PRS-ID, the DL PRS resource ID(s) or the DL PRS resource set ID used to determine the reference.

The UE may be configured to report quality metrics NR-TimingQuality corresponding to the DL RSTD and UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements which include the following fields:
- timingQualityValue which provides the best estimate of the uncertainty of the measurement
- timingQualityResolution which specifies the resolution levels used in the timingQualityValue field.

The UE expects to be configured with higher layer parameter \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ExpectedRSTD, which defines the time difference with respect to the received DL subframe timing the UE is expected to receive DL PRS, and \( n r-D L-P R S \) -ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty, which defines a search window around the \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ExpectedRSTD.

For DL UE positioning measurement reporting in higher layer parameters NR-DL-TDOASignalMeasurementInformation or NR-Multi-RTT-SignalMeasurementInformation the UE can be configured to report the DL PRS resource ID(s) or the DL PRS resource set ID(s) associated with the DL PRS resource(s) or the DL PRS

ETSI