<!-- Page 59 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
58
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- dl-PRS-PointA defines the absolute frequency of the reference resource block. Its lowest subcarrier is also known as Point A. All DL PRS resources belonging to the same DL PRS resource set have common Point A and all DL PRS resources sets belonging to the same DL PRS positioning frequency layer have a common Point A .

The UE expects that it will be configured with \( d l \)-PRS-ID each of which is defined such that it is associated with multiple DL PRS resource sets. The UE expects that one of these \( d l- \) PRS-ID along with a \( n \) r-DL-PRS-ResourceSetID and a \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ResourceID-r 16 can be used to uniquely identify a DL PRS resource.

The UE may be configured by the network with \( n r \)-PhysCellID, \( n r \)-CellGloballD, and \( n r \)-ARFCN [17, TS 37.355] associated with a dl-PRS-ID.
- If \( n r \)-PhysCellID or \( n r \)-CellGloballD is provided, and if \( n r \)-PhysCellID, \( n r \)-CellGloballD and \( n r \)-ARFCN associated with the \( d l- \) PRS-ID, if provided, are the same as the corresponding information of a serving cell, the UE may assume that the DL PRS is transmitted from the serving cell;
- Otherwise, the UE may assume that the DL PRS is not transmitted from a serving cell.

If the UE assumes that the DL PRS is transmitted from a serving cell, and if the serving cell is the same as the serving cell defined by the SS/PBCH block, the UE may assume that the DL PRS and the SS/PBCH block are transmitted from the same serving cell.

If the UE assumes that the DL PRS is not transmitted from a serving cell, and if \( n r \)-PhysCellID is provided, and is the same as physical cell ID of the SS/PBCH block from a non-serving cell of the same band as the DL PRS, the UE may assume that the DL PRS and the SS/PBCH block are transmitted from the same non-serving cell.

A DL PRS resource set is configured by NR-DL-PRS-ResourceSet, consists of one or more DL PRS resources and it is defined by:
- \( n r \)-DL-PRS-ResourceSetID defines the identity of the DL PRS resource set configuration.
- dl-PRS-Periodicity-and-ResourceSetSlotOffset defines the DL PRS resource periodicity and takes values \( T_{\mathrm{per}}^{\mathrm{PRS}} \in 2^{\mu}\{4,5,8,10,16,20,32,40,64,80,160,320,640,1280,2560,5120,10240\} \) slots, where \( \mu=0,1,2,3 \) for dl-PRS-SubcarrierSpacing \( =15,30,60 \) and 120 kHz respectively and the slot offset for DL PRS resource set with respect to SFN0 slot 0 . All the DL PRS resources within one DL PRS resource set are configured with the same DL PRS resource periodicity. The UE does not expect that the product of DL PRS resource periodicity \( T_{\text {per }}^{\text {PRS }} \), the higher layer parameter dl-prs-MutingBitRepetitionFactor and the size of the bitmap of dl-PRS-MutingOption I exceeds \( 2^{\mu} \times 10240 \), where \( \mu=0,1,2,3 \) for dl-PRS-SubcarrierSpacing \( =15,30,60 \) and 120 kHz respectively.
- dl-PRS-ResourceRepetitionFactor defines how many times each DL-PRS resource is repeated for a single instance of the DL-PRS resource set and takes values \( T_{\text {rep }}^{\text {PRS }} \in\{1,2,4,6,8,16,32\} \). All the DL PRS resources within one resource set have the same resource repetition factor.
- dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap defines the offset in number of slots between two repeated instances of a DL PRS resource with the same \( n r-D L-P R S- \) ResourceID within a single instance of the DL PRS resource set. The UE only expects to be configured with dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap if dl-PRS-ResourceRepetitionFactor is configured with value greater than 1. The time duration spanned by one instance of a \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ResourceSet is not expected to exceed the configured value of DL PRS periodicity. All the DL PRS resources within one resource set have the same value of dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap.
- dl-PRS-MutingOption l and dl-PRS-MutingOption 2 define the time locations where the DL PRS resource is expected to not be transmitted for a DL PRS resource set. [f dl-PRS-MutingOption] is configured, each bit in the bitmap of dl-PRS-MutingOptionl corresponds to a configurable number provided by higher layer parameter dl-prs-MutingBitRepetitionFactor of consecutive instances of a DL PRS resource set where all the DL PRS resources within the set are muted for the instance that is indicated to be muted. The length of the bitmap can be \( \{2,4,6,8,16,32\} \) bits. If dl-PRS-MutingOption 2 is configured each bit in the bitmap of dl-PRS-MutingOption 2 corresponds to a single repetition index for each of the DL PRS resources within each instance of a \( n r-D L-P R S \) ResourceSet and the length of the bitmap is equal to the values of dl-PRS-ResourceRepetitionFactor. Both dl-PRS-MutingOptionl and dl-PRS-MutingOption2 may be configured at the same time in which case the logical AND operation is applied to the bit maps as described in Clause 7.4.1.7.4 of [4, TS 38.211].
- NR-DL-PRS-SFN0-Offset defines the time offset of the SFN0 slot 0 for the DL PRS resource set with respect to SFN0 slot 0 of reference provided by nr-DL-PRS-ReferenceInfo.
- dl-PRS-ResourceList determines the DL PRS resources that are contained within one DL PRS resource set.

ETSI