<!-- Page 125 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
124
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
5.2.3 CSI reporting using PUSCH

A UE shall perform aperiodic CSI reporting using PUSCH on serving cell \( c \) upon successful decoding of a DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or DCI format 0_2 which triggers an aperiodic CSI trigger state.

When a DCI format 0_1 schedules two PUSCH allocations, the aperiodic CSI report is carried on the second scheduled PUSCH. When a DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) schedules more than two PUSCH allocations, the aperiodic CSI report is carried on the penultimate scheduled PUSCH.

An aperiodic CSI report carried on the PUSCH supports wideband, and sub-band frequency granularities. An aperiodic CSI report carried on the PUSCH supports Type I, Type [I, Enhanced Type [I and Further Enhanced Type [I Port Selection CSI.

A UE shall perform semi-persistent CSI reporting on the PUSCH upon successful decoding of a DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or DCI format \( 0 \_2 \) which activates a semi-persistent CSI trigger state. DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) and DCI format \( 0 \_2 \) contains a CSI request field which indicates the semi-persistent CSI trigger state to activate or deactivate. Semi-persistent CSI reporting on the PUSCH supports Type I, Type [I with wideband, and sub-band frequency granularities, Enhanced Type [I and Further Enhanced Type [[ Port Selection CSI. The PUSCH resources and MCS shall be allocated semipersistently by an uplink DCI.

CSI reporting on PUSCH can be multiplexed with uplink data on PUSCH except that semi-persistent CSI reporting on PUSCH activated by a DCI format is not expected to be multiplexed with uplink data on the PUSCH. CSI reporting on PUSCH can also be performed without any multiplexing with uplink data from the UE.

Type I CSI feedback is supported for CSI Reporting on PUSCH. Type I wideband and sub-band CSI is supported for CSI Reporting on the PUSCH. Type [I CSI is supported for CSI Reporting on the PUSCH.

For Type I, Type II, Enhanced Type II and Further Enhanced Type II Port Selection CSI feedback on PUSCH, a CSI report comprises of two parts. Part 1 has a fixed payload size and is used to identify the number of information bits in Part 2. Part 1 shall be transmitted in its entirety before Part 2.
- For Type I CSI feedback, Part 1 contains RI (if reported), CRI (if reported), CQI for the first codeword (if reported). Part 2 contains PMI (if reported), LI (if reported) and contains the CQI for the second codeword (if reported) when RI is larger than 4. For a CSI-ReportConfig configured with codebookType set to 'typelSinglePanel' and the corresponding CSI-RS Resource Set for channel measurement configured with two Resource Groups and \( N \) Resource Pairs, Part 1 contains RI(s), CRI(s), CQI(s) for the first codeword and is zero padded to a fixed payload size (if needed). Part 2 contains the CQI(s) for the second codeword (if reported) when RI is larger than 4, LIs (if reported) and PMI(s).
- For Type II CSI feedback, Part 1 contains RI (if reported), CQI, and an indication of the number of non-zero wideband amplitude coefficients per layer for the Type [I CSI (see Clause 5.2.2.2.3). The fields of Part 1 - RI (if reported), CQI, and the indication of the number of non-zero wideband amplitude coefficients for each layer are separately encoded. Part 2 contains the PMI and LI (if reported) of the Type [[] CSI. The elements of \( i_{1,4, l} \), \( i_{2,1, l} \) (if reported) and \( i_{2,2, l} \) (if reported) are reported in the increasing order of their indices, \( i=0,1, \ldots, 2 L-1 \), where the element of the lowest index is mapped to the most significant bits and the element of the highest index is mapped to the least significant bits. Part 1 and 2 are separately encoded.
- For Enhanced Type [I CSI feedback (see Clause 5.2.2.2.5) and Further Enhanced Type [I Port Selection CSI feedback (see Clause 5.2.2.2.5), Part 1 contains RI (if reported), CQI, and an indication of the overall number of non-zero amplitude coefficients across layers. The fields of Part \( 1-\mathrm{RI} \) (if reported), CQI, and the indication of the overall number of non-zero amplitude coefficients across layers - are separately encoded. Part 2 contains the PMI of the Enhanced Type [I or Further Enhanced Type [I Port Selection CSI. Part 1 and 2 are separately encoded.

A Type [] CSI report that is carried on the PUSCH shall be computed independently from any Type [] CSI report that is carried on the PUCCH formats 3 or 4 (see Clause 5.2.4 and 5.2.2).

When the higher layer parameter reportQuantity is configured with one of the values 'cri-RSRP', 'ssb-Index-RSRP', 'criS[NR' or 'ssb-Index-S[NR', or 'cri-RSRP-Capability[Set]Index', 'ssb-[ndex-RSRP-Capability[Set][ndex', 'cri-S[NRCapability[Set]Index ', 'ssb-Index-SINR-Capability[Set]Index ',the CSI feedback consists of a single part.

For both Type I and Type II reports configured for PUCCH but transmitted on PUSCH, the determination of the payload for CSI part 1 and CSI part 2 follows that of PUCCH as described in Clause 5.2.4.

ETSI