<!-- Page 165 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
164
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- elseif mcs-Table in pusch-Config is set to 'qam256', and PUSCH is scheduled by a PDCCH with DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) with CRC scrambled by C-RNTI or SP-CSI-RNTI,
- the UE shall use \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1_3.1-2 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- elseif the UE is not configured with MCS-C-RNTI, mcs-Table in pusch-Config is set to 'qam64LowSE', and the PUSCH is scheduled by a PDCCH with a DCI format other than DCI format \( 0 \_2 \) in a UE-specific search space with CRC scrambled by C-RNTI or SP-CSI-RNTI,
- the UE shall use \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-3 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- elseif the UE is configured with MCS-C-RNTI, and the PUSCH is scheduled by a PDCCH with CRC scrambled by MCS-C-RNTI,
- the UE shall use \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-3 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- elseif mcs-Table in configuredGrantConfig is set to 'qam256',
- if PUSCH is scheduled by a PDCCH with CRC scrambled by CS-RNTI or
- if PUSCH is transmitted with configured grant
- the UE shall use \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-2 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- elseif mcs-Table in configuredGrantConfig is set to 'qam64LowSE',
- if PUSCH is scheduled by a PDCCH with CRC scrambled by CS-RNTI or
- if PUSCH is transmitted with configured grant,
- the UE shall use \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-3 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- elseif for a MsgA PUSCH transmission,
- the UE shall use higher layer parameter \( m s g A-M C S \) for \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-1 to determine the Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- elseif the UE requests repetition of PUSCH scheduled by RAR UL grant [10, TS 38.321], when transmitting PUSCH scheduled by RAR UL grant,
- the 2 LSBs of the MCS information field of the RAR UL grant provide a codepoint to determine the MCS index \( I_{M C S} \) according to Table 6.1.4.1-3, based on whether or not the higher layer parameter mcsMsg3Repetition is configured. The UE shall use the determined \( I_{\text {MCS }} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-1 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- elseif the UE requests repetition of PUSCH scheduled by RAR UL grant [10, TS 38.321], when transmitting PUSCH scheduled by DCI format \( 0 \_0 \) with CRC scrambled by the TC-RNTI,
- the 3 LSBs of the MCS information field of the DCI format \( 0 \_0 \) with CRC scrambled by the TC-RNTI provide a codepoint to determine the MCS index \( I_{M C S} \) according to Table 6.1.4.1-4, based on whether or not the higher layer parameter mcs-Msg3Repetition is configured. The UE shall use the determined \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-1 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
- else
- the UE shall use \( I_{M C S} \) and Table 5.1.3.1-1 to determine the modulation order ( \( Q_{m} \) ) and Target code rate ( \( R \) ) used in the physical uplink shared channel.
else

ETSI