<!-- Page 220 of ts_138214v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.214 version 17.1.0 Release 17
219
ETSI TS 138214 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

maximum value of 2176 PRBs. All the DL PRS resources within the resource set have the same value of \( d l \)-PRSStartPRB.
- dl-PRS-NumSymbols defines the number of symbols of the DL PRS resource within a slot where the allowable values are given in Clause 7.4.1.7.3 of [4, TS38.211]. All the DL PRS resources within the resource set have the same value of dl-PRS-NumSymbols.

A DL PRS resource is defined by:
- \( n r-D L-P R S \)-ResourceID determines the DL PRS resource configuration identity. All DL PRS resource IDs are locally defined within the DL PRS resource set.
- dl-PRS-SequencelD is used to initialize \( \mathrm{c}_{\text {mit }} \) value used in pseudo random generator as described in Clause 7.4.1.7.2 of [4, TS 38.211 ] for generation of DL PRS sequence for a given DL PRS resource.
- dl-PRS-CombSizeN-AndReOffset defines the comb size of a DL PRS resource, where the allowable values are given in Clause 7.4.1.7.3 of [TS38.211], and the starting RE offset of the first symbol within a DL PRS resource in frequency. The UE may expect the same comb size to be configured for all DL PRS resources of the PRS resource set. The relative RE offsets of the remaining symbols within a DL PRS resource are defined based on the initial offset and the rule described in Clause 7.4.1.7.3 of [4, TS 38.211].
- dl-PRS-ResourceSlotOffset determines the starting slot of the DL PRS resource with respect to corresponding DL PRS resource set slot offset.
- dl-PRS-ResourceSymbolOffset determines the starting symbol of a slot configured with the DL PRS resource.

The UE assumes constant EPRE is used for all REs of a given DL PRS resource.
The UE assumes that the DL PRS from the serving cell is not mapped to any symbol that contains SS/PBCH block from the serving cell.

The UE does not expect to be scheduled or configured for reception of any downlink channel or any other downlink signal(s) in the OFDM symbol(s) and PRBs of the DL PRS resource for RTT-based propagation delay compensation to be received.

The UE is expected to receive the DL PRS for RTT-based propagation delay compensation only in RRC_CONNECTED state and within the DL active band width part of the serving cell.

ETSI