<!-- Page 21 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
20
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)
- else:
- restart \( t \)-PollRetransmit
5.3.3.3 Reception of a STATUS report

Upon reception of a STATUS report from the receiving RLC AM entity the transmitting side of an AM RLC entity shall:
- if the STATUS report comprises a positive or negative acknowledgement for the RLC SDU with sequence number equal to POLL_SN:
- if \( t \)-PollRetransmit is running:
- stop and reset \( t \)-PollRetransmit.
5.3.3.4 Expiry of \( t \)-PollRetransmit

Upon expiry of \( t \)-PollRetransmit, the transmitting side of an AM RLC entity shall:
- if both the transmission buffer and the retransmission buffer are empty (excluding transmitted RLC SDU or RLC SDU segment awaiting acknowledgements); or
- if no new RLC SDU or RLC SDU segment can be transmitted (eg. due to window stalling):
- consider the RLC SDU with the highest SN among the RLC SDUs submitted to lower layer for retransmission; or
- consider any RLC SDU which has not been positively acknowledged for retransmission.
- include a poll in an AMD PDU as described in clause 5.3.3.2.
5.3.4 Status reporting

An AM RLC entity sends STATUS PDUs to its peer AM RLC entity in order to provide positive and/or negative acknowledgements of RLC SDUs (or portions of them).

Triggers to initiate STATUS reporting include:
- Polling from its peer AM RLC entity:
- When an AMD PDU with \( \mathrm{SN}=\mathrm{x} \) and the P field set to " 1 " is received from lower layer, the receiving side of an AM RLC entity shall:
- If the AMD PDU is to be discarded as specified in clause 5.2.3.2.2; or
- if \( \mathrm{x}<\mathrm{RX} \) _Highest_Status or \( \mathrm{x}>=\mathrm{RX} \) _Next + AM_Window_Size:
- trigger a STATUS report.
- else:
- delay triggering the STATUS report until \( x<R X \) _Highest_Status or \( x>=R X \) _Next + AM_Window_Size.

NOTE 1: This ensures that the RLC Status report is transmitted after HARQ reordering.
- Detection of reception failure of an AMD PDU
- The receiving side of an AM RLC entity shall trigger a STATUS report when \( t \)-Reassembly expires.

NOTE 2: The expiry of \( t \)-Reassembly triggers both RX_Highest_Status to be updated and a STATUS report to be triggered, but the STATUS report shall be triggered after RX_Highest_Status is updated.

When STATUS reporting has been triggered, the receiving side of an AM RLC entity shall:

ETSI