<!-- Page 32 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
31
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)
a) TX_Next_Ack - Acknowledgement state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN of the next RLC SDU for which a positive acknowledgment is to be received in-sequence, and it serves as the lower edge of the transmitting window. It is initially set to 0 , and is updated whenever the AM RLC entity receives a positive acknowledgment for an RLC SDU with SN = TX_Next_Ack.
b) TX_Next - Send state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN to be assigned for the next newly generated AMD PDU. It is initially set to 0, and is updated whenever the AM RLC entity constructs an AMD PDU with SN = TX_Next and contains an RLC SDU or the last segment of a RLC SDU.
c) POLL_SN - Poll send state variable

This state variable holds the value of the highest SN of the AMD PDU among the AMD PDUs submitted to lower layer when POLL_SN is set according to sub clause 5.3.3.2. It is initially set to 0 .

The transmitting side of each AM RLC entity shall maintain the following counters:
a) PDU_WITHOUT_POLL - Counter

This counter is initially set to 0 . It counts the number of AMD PDUs sent since the most recent poll bit was transmitted.
b) BYTE_WITHOUT_POLL - Counter

This counter is initially set to 0 . It counts the number of data bytes sent since the most recent poll bit was transmitted.
c) RETX_COUNT - Counter

This counter counts the number of retransmissions of an RLC SDU or RLC SDU segment (see clause 5.3.2). There is one RETX_COUNT counter maintained per RLC SDU.

The receiving side of each AM RLC entity shall maintain the following state variables:
a) RX_Next - Receive state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN following the last in-sequence completely received RLC SDU, and it serves as the lower edge of the receiving window. It is initially set to 0 , and is updated whenever the AM RLC entity receives an RLC SDU with SN=RX_Next.
b) RX_Next_Status_Trigger \( -t \)-Reassembly state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN following the SN of the RLC SDU which triggered \( t \)-Reassembly.
c) RX_Highest_Status - Maximum STATUS transmit state variable

This state variable holds the highest possible value of the SN which can be indicated by "ACK_SN" when a STATUS PDU needs to be constructed. It is initially set to 0 .
d) RX_Next_Highest - Highest received state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN following the SN of the RLC SDU with the highest SN among received RLC SDUs. It is initially set to 0 .

Each transmitting UM RLC entity shall maintain the following state variables:
a) TX_Next-UM send state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN to be assigned for the next newly generated UMD PDU with segment. It is initially set to 0 , and is updated after the UM RLC entity submits a UMD PDU including the last segment of an RLC SDU to lower layers.

Each receiving UM RLC entity shall maintain the following state variables:
a) RX_Next_Reassembly - UM receive state variable

ETSI