<!-- Page 9 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
8
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)

An AM RLC entity consists of a transmitting side and a receiving side. The transmitting side of an AM RLC entity receives RLC SDUs from upper layer and sends RLC PDUs to its peer AM RLC entity via lower layers. The receiving side of an AM RLC entity delivers RLC SDUs to upper layer and receives RLC PDUs from its peer AM RLC entity via lower layers.

Figure 4.2.1-1 illustrates the overview model of the RLC sub layer.

Figure 4.2.1-1: Overview model of the RLC sub layer

RLC SDUs of variable sizes which are byte aligned (i.e. multiple of 8 bits) are supported for all RLC entity types (i.e. TM, UM and AM RLC entity).

Each RLC SDU is used to construct an RLC PDU without waiting for notification from the lower layer (i.e., by MAC) of a transmission opportunity. In the case of UM and AM RLC entities, an RLC SDU may be segmented and transported using two or more RLC PDUs based on the notification(s) from the lower layer.

RLC PDUs are submitted to lower layer only when a transmission opportunity has been notified by lower layer (i.e. by MAC).

NOTE: The UE should aim to prevent excessive non-consecutive RLC PDUs in a MAC PDU when the UE is requested to generate more than one MAC PDU.

Description of different RLC entity types are provided below.
4.2.1.1 TM RLC entity
4.2.1.1.1 General

A TM RLC entity can be configured to submit/receive RLC PDUs through the following logical channels:
- \( \mathrm{BCCH}, \mathrm{DL} / \mathrm{UL} \mathrm{CCCH}, \mathrm{PCCH} \), and SBCCH .

ETSI