<!-- Page 31 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
30
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)

the last byte of the portion of the RLC SDU in bytes within the original RLC SDU. The first byte of the original RLC SDU is referred by the SOend field value " 0000000000000000 ", i.e., numbering starts at zero. The special SOend value "1111111111111111" is used to indicate that the missing portion of the RLC SDU includes all bytes to the last byte of the RLC SDU.
6.2.3.16 Extension bit 3 (E3) field

Length: 1 bit.
The E3 field indicates whether or not information about a continous sequence of RLC SDUs that have not been received follows.

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 6.2.3.16-1: E3 field interpretation}
\begin{tabular}{|c|l|}
\hline Value & \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Description } \\
\hline 0 & NACK range field does not follow for this NACK_SN. \\
\hline 1 & NACK range field follows for this NACK_SN. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
6.2.3.17 NACK range field

Length: 8 bits
This NACK range field is the number of consecutively lost RLC SDUs starting from and including NACK_SN.
7 Variables, constants and timers
7.1 State variables

This sub clause describes the state variables used in AM and UM entities in order to specify the RLC protocol. The state variables defined in this clause are normative.

All state variables and all counters are non-negative integers.
All state variables related to AM data transfer can take values from 0 to 4095 for 12 bit SN or from 0 to 262143 for 18 bit SN. All arithmetic operations contained in the present document on state variables related to AM data transfer are affected by the AM modulus (i.e. final value \( = \) [value from arithmetic operation] modulo 4096 for 12 bit SN and 262144 for 18 bit SN).

All state variables related to UM data transfer can take values from 0 to 63 for 6 bit SN or from 0 to 4095 for 12 bit SN. All arithmetic operations contained in the present document on state variables related to UM data transfer are affected by the UM modulus (i.e. final value \( = \) [value from arithmetic operation] modulo 64 for 6 bit SN and 4096 for 12 bit SN).

When performing arithmetic comparisons of state variables or SN values, a modulus base shall be used.
TX_Next_Ack and RX_Next shall be assumed as the modulus base at the transmitting side and receiving side of an AM RLC entity, respectively. This modulus base is subtracted from all the values involved, and then an absolute comparison is performed (e.g. RX_Next \( <=\mathrm{SN}<\mathrm{RX} \) _Next +AM _Window_Size is evaluated as \( \left[\mathrm{RX}\right. \) _Next -RX _Next] modulo \( 2^{[n n-} \) Frelatength \( ]<=[\mathrm{SN}-\mathrm{RX} \) _Next \( ] \) modulo \( 2^{[\text {sh-FieldLength }]}<[\overline{\mathrm{R}} \mathrm{X} \) _Next + AM_Window_Size \( -\overline{\mathrm{RX}} \) _Next \( ] \) modulo \( 2^{[\text {sh-FieldLength }]} \) ), where \( s n \)-FieldLength is 12 or 18 for 12 bit SN and 18 bit SN, respectively.

RX_Next_Highest-UM_Window_Size shall be assumed as the modulus base at the receiving UM RLC entity. This modulus base is subtracted from all the values involved, and then an absolute comparison is performed (e.g. (RX_Next_Highest-UM_Window_Size) \( <=\mathrm{SN}<\mathrm{RX} \) _Next_Highest is evaluated as [(RX_Next_HighestUM_Window_Size) - (RX_Next_Highest-UM_Window_Size) \( ] \) modulo \( 2^{[s n \text {-FieldLength }]}<=[\overline{\mathrm{SN}}-\overline{(\mathrm{RX}} \) _Next_HighestUM_Window_Size) \( ] \) modulo \( 2^{[s n \text {-FiedLength }]}<[\mathrm{RX} \) _Next_Highest- \( (\mathrm{RX} \) _Next_Highest-UM_Window_Size) \( ] \) modulo \( 2^{[s n-\text { FieldLength }]) \text {, where sn-FieldLength is } 6 \text { or } 12 \text { for } 6 \text { bit } \mathrm{SN} \text { and } 12 \text { bit } \mathrm{SN} \text {, respectively. }} \)

The transmitting side of each AM RLC entity shall maintain the following state variables:

ETSI