<!-- Page 33 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
32
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)

This state variable holds the value of the earliest SN that is still considered for reassembly. It is initially set to 0 . For groupcast and broadcast of NR sidelink communication, it is initially set to the SN of the first received UMD PDU containing an SN.
b) RX_Timer_Trigger - UM \( t \)-Reassembly state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN following the SN which triggered \( t \)-Reassembly.
c) RX_Next_Highest-UM receive state variable

This state variable holds the value of the SN following the SN of the UMD PDU with the highest SN among received UMD PDUs. It serves as the higher edge of the reassembly window. It is initially set to 0 . For groupcast and broadcast of NR sidelink communication, it is initially set to the SN of the first received UMD PDU containing an SN.
7.2 Constants
a) AM_Window_Size

This constant is used by both the transmitting side and the receiving side of each AM RLC entity. AM_Window_Size= 2048 when a 12 bit SN is used, AM_Window_Size = 131072 when an 18 bit SN is used.
b) UM_Window_Size

This constant is used by the receiving UM RLC entity to define SNs of those UMD SDUs that can be received without causing an advancement of the receiving window. UM_Window_Size \( =32 \) when a 6 bit SN is configured, UM_Window_Size \( =2048 \) when a 12 bit SN is configured.
7.3 Timers

The following timers are configured by TS 38.331 [5]:
a) \( t \)-PollRetransmit

This timer is used by the transmitting side of an AM RLC entity in order to retransmit a poll (see sub clause 5.3.3).
b) \( t \)-Reassembly

This timer is used by the receiving side of an AM RLC entity and receiving UM RLC entity in order to detect loss of RLC PDUs at lower layer (see sub clauses 5.2.2.2 and 5.2.3.2). If \( t \)-Reassembly is running, \( t \)-Reassembly shall not be started additionally, i.e. only one \( t \)-Reassembly per RLC entity is running at a given time.
c) \( t \)-StatusProhibit

This timer is used by the receiving side of an AM RLC entity in order to prohibit transmission of a STATUS PDU (see sub clause 5.3.4).
7.4 Configurable parameters

The following parameters are configured by TS 38.331 [5]:
a) maxRetxThreshold

This parameter is used by the transmitting side of each AM RLC entity to limit the number of retransmissions corresponding to an RLC SDU, including its segments (see clause 5.3.2).
b) pollPDU

This parameter is used by the transmitting side of each AM RLC entity to trigger a poll for every pollPDU PDUs (see clause 5.3.3).
c) pollByte

ETSI