<!-- Page 28 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
27
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)
6.2.3 Parameters
6.2.3.1 General

In the definition of each field in sub clauses 6.2 .3 .2 to 6.2 .3 .5 , the bits in the parameters are represented in which the first and most significant bit is the left most bit and the last and least significant bit is the rightmost bit. Unless mentioned otherwise, integers are encoded in standard binary encoding for unsigned integers.
6.2.3.2 Data field

Data field elements are mapped to the Data field in the order which they arrive to the RLC entity at the transmitter.
For TMD PDU, UMD PDU and AMD PDU:
- The granularity of the Data field size is one byte;
- The maximum Data field size is the maximum size of a PDCP PDU.

NOTE: In case the upper layer is BAP , the maximum Data field size can be larger than the maximum size of a PDCP PDU.

For TMD PDU:
- Only one RLC SDU can be mapped to the Data field of one TMD PDU.

For UMD PDU, and AMD PDU:
- Either of the following can be mapped to the Data field of one UMD PDU, or AMD PDU:
- One RLC SDU;
- One RLC SDU segment.
6.2.3.3 Sequence Number (SN) field

Length: 12 bits or 18 bits (configurable) for AMD PDU. 6 bits or 12 bits (configurable) for UMD PDU.
The SN field indicates the sequence number of the corresponding RLC SDU. For RLC AM, the sequence number is incremented by one for every RLC SDU. For RLC UM, the sequence number is incremented by one for every segmented RLC SDU.
6.2.3.4 Segmentation Info (SI) field

Length: 2 bits.
The SI field indicates whether an RLC PDU contains a complete RLC SDU or the first, middle, last segment of an RLC SDU.

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 6.2.3.4-1: SI field interpretation}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Value & Description \\
\hline 00 & Data field contains all bytes of an RLC SDU \\
\hline 01 & Data field contains the first segment of an RLC SDU \\
\hline 10 & Data field contains the last segment of an RLC SDU \\
\hline 11 & Data field contains neither the first nor last segment of an RLC SDU \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
6.2.3.5 Segment Offset (SO) field

Length: 16 bits
The SO field indicates the position of the RLC SDU segment in bytes within the original RLC SDU. Specifically, the SO field indicates the position within the original RLC SDU to which the first byte of the RLC SDU segment in the

ETSI