<!-- Page 7 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
6
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)

1 Scope
The present document specifies the NR Radio Link Control (RLC) protocol for the UE - NR radio interface.
2 References
The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in this text, constitute provisions of the present document.
- References are either specific (identified by date of publication, edition number, version number, etc.) or non-specific.
- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.
- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that document in the same Release as the present document.
[1] 3GPP TR 21.905: "Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications".
[2] 3GPP TS 38.300: "NR Overall Description; Stage 2".
[3] 3GPP TS 38.321: "NR MAC protocol specification".
[4] 3GPP TS 38.323: "NR PDCP specification".
[5] 3GPP TS 38.331: "NR RRC Protocol specification".
[6] 3GPP TS 23.287: "Architecture enhancements for 5G System (5GS) to support Vehicle-toEverything (V2X) services".

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
3.1 Definitions

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions given in TR 21.905 [1] and the following apply. A term defined in the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term, if any, in TR 21.905 [1].

Data field element: An RLC SDU or an RLC SDU segment that is mapped to the Data field.
RLC data volume: The amount of data available for transmission in an RLC entity.
RLC SDU segment: A segment of an RLC SDU.
NR sidelink communication: AS functionality enabling at least V2X Communication as defined in TS 23.287 [6], between two or more nearby UEs, using NR technology but not traversing any network node.
3.2 Abbreviations

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in TR 21.905 [1] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 [1].

\begin{tabular}{ll} 
AM & Acknowledged Mode \\
AMD & AM Data \\
ARQ & Automatic Repeat request \\
gNB & NR Node B \\
PDU & Protocol Data Unit
\end{tabular}

ETSI