<!-- Page 23 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
22
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)
5.6 Handling of unknown, unforeseen and erroneous protocol data
5.6.1 Reception of PDU with reserved or invalid values

When an RLC entity receives an RLC PDU that contains reserved or invalid values, the RLC entity shall:
- discard the received RLC PDU.

6 Protocol data units, formats and parameters
6.1 Protocol data units
6.1.1 General

RLC PDUs can be categorized into RLC data PDUs and RLC control PDUs. RLC data PDUs in sub clause 6.1.2 are used by TM, UM and AM RLC entities to transfer upper layer PDUs (i.e. RLC SDUs). RLC control PDUs in sub clause 6.1.3 are used by AM RLC entity to perform ARQ procedures.
6.1.2 RLC data PDU
a) TMD PDU

TMD PDU is used to transfer upper layer PDUs by a TM RLC entity.
b) UMD PDU

UMD PDU is used to transfer upper layer PDUs by an UM RLC entity.
c) AMD PDU

AMD PDU is used to transfer upper layer PDUs by an AM RLC entity.
6.1.3 RLC control PDU
a) STATUS PDU

STATUS PDU is used by the receiving side of an AM RLC entity to inform the peer AM RLC entity about RLC data PDUs that are received successfully, and RLC data PDUs that are detected to be lost by the receiving side of an AM RLC entity.
6.2 Formats and parameters
6.2.1 General

The formats of RLC PDUs are described in sub clause 6.2.2 and their parameters are described in sub clause 6.2.3.
6.2.2 Formats
6.2.2.1 General

RLC PDU is a bit string. In the figures in sub clause 6.2.2.2 to 6.2.2.5, bit strings are represented by tables in which the first and most significant bit is the left most bit of the first line of the table, the last and least significant bit is the

ETSI