<!-- Page 15 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
14
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)
5.2.1.2 Receive operations
5.2.1.2.1 General

When receiving a new TMD PDU from lower layer, the receiving TM RLC entity shall:
- deliver the TMD PDU without any modification to upper layer.
5.2.2 UM data transfer
5.2.2.1 Transmit operations
5.2.2.1.1 General

When submitting a UMD PDU to lower layer, the transmitting UM RLC entity shall:
- if the UMD PDU contains a segment of an RLC SDU, set the SN of the UMD PDU to TX_Next;
- if the UMD PDU contains a segment that maps to the last byte of an RLC SDU, then increment TX_Next by one.
5.2.2.2 Receive operations
5.2.2.2.1 General

The receiving UM RLC entity shall maintain a reassembly window according to state variable RX_Next_Highest as follows:
- a SN falls within the reassembly window if (RX_Next_Highest - UM_Window_Size) <=SN
<RX_Next_Highest;
- a SN falls outside of the reassembly window otherwise.

When receiving an UMD PDU from lower layer, the receiving UM RLC entity shall:
- either deliver the UMD PDU to upper layer after removing the RLC header, discard the received UMD PDU, or place it in the reception buffer (see sub clause 5.2.2.2.2);
- if the received UMD PDU was placed in the reception buffer:
- update state variables, reassemble and deliver RLC SDUs to upper layer and start/stop \( t \)-Reassembly as needed (see sub clause 5.2.2.2.3).

When \( t \)-Reassembly expires, the receiving UM RLC entity shall:
- update state variables, discard RLC SDU segments and start \( t \)-Reassembly as needed (see sub clause 5.2.2.2.4).
5.2.2.2.2 Actions when an UMD PDU is received from lower layer

When an UMD PDU is received from lower layer, the receiving UM RLC entity shall:
- if the UMD PDU header does not contain an SN:
- remove the RLC header and deliver the RLC SDU to upper layer.
- else if \( ( \) RX_Next_Highest - UM_Window_Size \( )<= \) SN \( < \) RX_Next_Reassembly:
- discard the received UMD PDU.
- else:
- place the received UMD PDU in the reception buffer.

ETSI