<!-- Page 19 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
18
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)
- start \( t \)-Reassembly;
- set RX_Next_Status_Trigger to RX_Next_Highest.
5.2.3.2.4 Actions when \( t \)-Reassembly expires

When \( t \)-Reassembly expires, the receiving side of an AM RLC entity shall:
- update RX_Highest_Status to the SN of the first RLC SDU with SN \( >= \) RX_Next_Status_Trigger for which not all bytes have been received;
- if RX_Next_Highest \( > \) RX_Highest_Status +1 : or
- if RX_Next_Highest \( = \) RX_Highest_Status +1 and there is at least one missing byte segment of the SDU associated with \( \mathrm{SN}=\mathrm{RX} \) _Highest_Status before the last byte of all received segments of this SDU:
- start \( t \)-Reassembly;
- set RX_Next_Status_Trigger to RX_Next_Highest.
5.3 ARQ procedures
5.3.1 General

ARQ procedures are only performed by an AM RLC entity.
5.3.2 Retransmission

The transmitting side of an AM RLC entity can receive a negative acknowledgement (notification of reception failure by its peer AM RLC entity) for an RLC SDU or an RLC SDU segment by the following:
- STATUS PDU from its peer AM RLC entity.

When receiving a negative acknowledgement for an RLC SDU or an RLC SDU segment by a STATUS PDU from its peer AM RLC entity, the transmitting side of the AM RLC entity shall:
- if the SN of the corresponding RLC SDU falls within the range TX_Next_Ack \( <=S N<= \) the highest SN of the AMD PDU among the AMD PDUs submitted to lower layer:
- consider the RLC SDU or the RLC SDU segment for which a negative acknowledgement was received for retransmission.

When an RLC SDU or an RLC SDU segment is considered for retransmission, the transmitting side of the AM RLC entity shall:
- if the RLC SDU or RLC SDU segment is considered for retransmission for the first time:
- set the RETX_COUNT associated with the RLC SDU to zero.
- else, if it (the RLC SDU or the RLC SDU segment that is considered for retransmission) is not pending for retransmission already and the RETX_COUNT associated with the RLC SDU has not been incremented due to another negative acknowledgment in the same STATUS PDU:
- increment the RETX_COUNT.
- if RETX_COUNT=maxRetxThreshold:
- indicate to upper layers that max retransmission has been reached.

When retransmitting an RLC SDU or an RLC SDU segment, the transmitting side of an AM RLC entity shall:
- if needed, segment the RLC SDU or the RLC SDU segment;

ETSI