<!-- Page 8 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
7
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)

\begin{tabular}{ll} 
RLC & Radio Link Control \\
SBCCH & Sidelink Broadcast Control Channel \\
SCCH & Sidelink Control Channel \\
SDU & Service Data Unit \\
SN & Sequence Number \\
STCH & Sidelink Traffic Channel \\
TB & Transport Block \\
TM & Transparent Mode \\
TMD & TM Data \\
UE & User Equipment \\
UM & Unacknowledged Mode \\
UMD & UM Data
\end{tabular}

4 General
4.1 Introduction

The objective is to describe the RLC architecture and the RLC entities from a functional point of view.
4.2 RLC architecture
4.2.1 RLC entities

The description in this sub clause is a model and does not specify or restrict implementations.
RRC is generally in control of the RLC configuration.
Functions of the RLC sub layer are performed by RLC entities. For an RLC entity configured at the gNB, there is a peer RLC entity configured at the UE and vice versa. In NR sidelink communication, for an RLC entity configured at the transmitting UE, there is a peer RLC entity configured at each receiving UE.

An RLC entity receives/delivers RLC SDUs from/to upper layer and sends/receives RLC PDUs to/from its peer RLC entity via lower layers.

An RLC PDU can either be an RLC data PDU or an RLC control PDU. If an RLC entity receives RLC SDUs from upper layer, it receives them through a single RLC channel between RLC and upper layer, and after forming RLC data PDUs from the received RLC SDUs, the RLC entity submits the RLC data PDUs to lower layer through a single logical channel. If an RLC entity receives RLC data PDUs from lower layer, it receives them through a single logical channel, and after forming RLC SDUs from the received RLC data PDUs, the RLC entity delivers the RLC SDUs to upper layer through a single RLC channel between RLC and upper layer. If an RLC entity submits/receives RLC control PDUs to/from lower layer, it submits/receives them through the same logical channel it submits/receives the RLC data PDUs through.

An RLC entity can be configured to perform data transfer in one of the following three modes: Transparent Mode (TM), Unacknowledged Mode (UM) or Acknowledged Mode (AM). Consequently, an RLC entity is categorized as a TM RLC entity, an UM RLC entity or an AM RLC entity depending on the mode of data transfer that the RLC entity is configured to provide.

A TM RLC entity is configured either as a transmitting TM RLC entity or a receiving TM RLC entity. The transmitting TM RLC entity receives RLC SDUs from upper layer and sends RLC PDUs to its peer receiving TM RLC entity via lower layers. The receiving TM RLC entity delivers RLC SDUs to upper layer and receives RLC PDUs from its peer transmitting TM RLC entity via lower layers.

An UM RLC entity is configured either as a transmitting UM RLC entity or a receiving UM RLC entity. The transmitting UM RLC entity receives RLC SDUs from upper layer and sends RLC PDUs to its peer receiving UM RLC entity via lower layers. The receiving UM RLC entity delivers RLC SDUs to upper layer and receives RLC PDUs from its peer transmitting UM RLC entity via lower layers.

ETSI