<!-- Page 2 of ts_138322v160100p -->

3GPP TS 38.322 version 16.1.0 Release 16
1
ETSI TS 138322 V16.1.0 (2020-07)

The present document may be made available in electronic versions and/or in print. The content of any electronic and/or print versions of the present document shall not be modified without the prior written authorization of ETSI. In case of any existing or perceived difference in contents between such versions and/or in print, the prevailing version of an ETSI deliverable is the one made publicly available in PDF format at www.etsi.org/deliver.

Users of the present document should be aware that the document may be subject to revision or change of status. Information on the current status of this and other ETSI documents is available at https://portal.etsi.org/TB/ETSIDeliverableStatus.aspx

If you find errors in the present document, please send your comment to one of the following services:
https://portal.etsi.org/People/CommiteeSupportStaff.aspx
Copyright Notification
No part may be reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and microfilm except as authorized by written permission of ETSI.
The content of the PDF version shall not be modified without the written authorization of ETSI.
The copyright and the foregoing restriction extend to reproduction in all media.
© ETSI 2020.
All rights reserved.
DECT \( { }^{\text {TM }} \), PLUGTESTS \( { }^{\text {TM }} \), UMTS \( { }^{\text {TM }} \) and the ETSI logo are trademarks of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members.
3GPP™ and LTE™ are trademarks of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners.
oneM2M \( { }^{\text {™ }} \) logo is a trademark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members and
of the oneM2M Partners.
GSM \( { }^{\text {® }} \) and the GSM logo are trademarks registered and owned by the GSM Association.

ETSI