<!-- Page 68 of ts_138213v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.213 version 17.1.0 Release 17
67
ETSI TS 138213 V17.1.0 (2022-05)
- the UE does not expect that the PDSCH-to-HARQ_feedback timing indicator field of the DCI format provides an inapplicable value from dl-DataToUL-ACK-r16

In the remaining of this clause, reference is to one HARQ-ACK codebook and to DCI formats that schedule PDSCH reception, or have associated HARQ-ACK information without scheduling a PDSCH reception and are associated with the HARQ-ACK codebook.

If a UE is required to receive SPS PDSCHs in a slot according to Clause 5.1 of [6] and Clause 11.1 for SPS configurations that are indicated to be released by a DCI format, the UE is not expected to receive the DCI format in the slot if the end of the last symbol of the PDCCH reception is after the end of a last symbol of any of the SPS PDSCH receptions. For a SPS configuration subject to pdsch-AggregationFactor or pdsch-AggregationFactor-r16, the UE is not expected to receive the DCI format in a slot containing a SPS PDSCH transmission occasion other than the first transmission occasion required to be received by the UE for a TB.

If a UE is configured to receive SPS PDSCHs in a slot for SPS configurations that are indicated to be released by a DCI format, and if the UE receives the PDCCH providing the DCI format in the slot, and if HARQ-ACK information for the SPS PDSCH release and the SPS PDSCH receptions would be multiplexed in a same PUCCH, the UE does not expect to receive the SPS PDSCHs, does not generate HARQ-ACK information for the SPS PDSCH receptions, and generates a HARQ-ACK information bit for the SPS PDSCH release.

If a UE is configured to receive SPS PDSCH(s) in a slot for SPS configuration(s), the UE does not expect to receive a PDCCH providing a DCI format in the slot to indicate SPS PDSCH release of these SPS configuration(s), if HARQACK information for the SPS PDSCH release and the SPS PDSCH reception(s) would map to different PUCCHs.

If a UE detects a DCI format 1 _ 1 indicating
- SCell dormancy without scheduling a PDSCH reception, as described in clause 10.3, and
- is provided pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook = dynamic or pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-r16
the UE generates a HARQ-ACK information bit as described in clause 9.1 s for a DCI format 1 _ 1 indicating SCell dormancy and the HARQ-ACK information bit value is ACK.

If a UE is not provided PDSCH-CodeBlockGroupTransmission, the UE generates one HARQ-ACK information bit per transport block.

For a HARQ-ACK information bit, a UE generates a positive acknowledgement (ACK) if the UE detects a DCI format that provides a SPS PDSCH release or correctly decodes a transport block, and generates a negative acknowledgement (NACK) if the UE does not correctly decode the transport block. A HARQ-ACK information bit value of 0 represents a NACK while a HARQ-ACK information bit value of 1 represents an ACK.

In the following, the CRC for a DCI format is scrambled with a C-RNTI, an MCS-C-RNTI, or a CS-RNTI, or a GRNTI, or a G-CS-RNTI.
9.1.1 CBG-based HARQ-ACK codebook determination

If a UE is provided PDSCH-CodeBlockGroupTransmission for a serving cell, the UE receives a PDSCH scheduled by DCI format 1_1, that includes code block groups (CBGs) of a transport block. The UE is also provided maxCodeBlockGroupsPerTransportBlock indicating a maximum number \( N_{\mathrm{HARQACK}}^{\mathrm{CBGTE} \text {, max }} \) of CBGs for generating respective HARQ-ACK information bits for a transport block reception for the serving cell.

For a number of \( C \) code blocks (CBs) in a transport block, the UE determines a number of CBGs \( M \) according to clause 5.1.7.1 of [6, TS 38.214] and determines a number of HARQ-ACK bits for the transport block as \( N_{\text {HARQ-ACK }}^{\mathrm{CBGTB}}=M \).

The UE generates an ACK for the HARQ-ACK information bit of a CBG if the UE correctly received all code blocks of the CBG and generates a NACK for the HARQ-ACK information bit of a CBG if the UE incorrectly received at least one code block of the CBG. If the UE receives two transport blocks, the UE concatenates the HARQ-ACK information bits for CBGs of the second transport block after the HARQ-ACK information bits for CBGs of the first transport block.

ETSI