<!-- Page 169 of ts_138213v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.213 version 17.1.0 Release 17
168
ETSI TS 138213 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

The HARQ-ACK information corresponds to transport blocks in PUSCH transmissions for all HARQ processes for a serving cell of a PDCCH reception that provides DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) or, if DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) includes a carrier indicator field, for a serving cell indicated by a value of the carrier indicator field.

For a PUSCH transmission configured by ConfiguredGrantConfig, HARQ-ACK information for a transport block of a corresponding HARQ process number is valid if a first symbol of the PDCCH reception is after a last symbol of the PUSCH transmission, or of any repetition of the PUSCH transmission, by a number of symbols provided by \( c g \) -minDFI-Delay.

For an initial transmission by a UE of a transport block in a PUSCH configured by ConfiguredGrantConfig, if the UE receives a CG-DFI that provides HARQ-ACK information for the transport block, the UE assumes that the transport block was correctly decoded if the HARQ-ACK information value is ACK; otherwise, the UE assumes that the transport block was not correctly decoded.

For a PUSCH transmission scheduled by a DCI format, if the UE receives a CG-DFI that provides HARQ-ACK information for the transport block, the UE assumes that the transport block was correctly decoded if the HARQ-ACK information value is ACK; otherwise, the UE assumes that the transport block was not correctly decoded.

For a PUSCH transmission scheduled by a DCI format, HARQ-ACK information for a transport block of a corresponding HARQ process number is valid if a first symbol of the PDCCH reception is after a last symbol of the PUSCH transmission by a number of symbols provided by cg-minDFI-Delay or, if the PUSCH transmission is over multiple slots,
- after a last symbol of the PUSCH transmission in a first slot from the multiple slots by a number of symbols provided by cg-minDFI-Delay, if a value of the HARQ-ACK information is ACK.
- after a last symbol of the PUSCH transmission in a last slot from the multiple slots by a number of symbols provided by cg-minDFI-Delay, if a value of the HARQ-ACK information is NACK.

UE does not expect to be configured with different cg-minDFI-Delay-r 16 among multiple ConfiguredGrantConfig in one BWP.

11 UE-group common signalling
If the UE is configured with a SCG, the UE shall apply the procedures described in this clause for both MCG and SCG
- When the procedures are applied for MCG, the terms 'secondary cell', 'secondary cells', 'serving cell', 'serving cells' in this clause refer to secondary cell, secondary cells, serving cell, serving cells belonging to the MCG respectively.
- When the procedures are applied for SCG, the terms 'secondary cell', 'secondary cells', 'serving cell', 'serving cells' in this clause refer to secondary cell, secondary cells (not including PSCell), serving cell, serving cells belonging to the SCG respectively. The term 'primary cell' in this clause refers to the PSCell of the SCG.

In the remaining of this clause, unless stated otherwise, when a PDCCH reception by a UE includes two PDCCH candidates from corresponding search space sets, as described in clause 10.1
- a PDCCH monitoring occasion is the union of the PDCCH monitoring occasions for the two PDCCH candidates
- the start of the PDCCH reception is the start of the earlier PDCCH candidate
- the end of the PDCCH reception in the end of the PDCCH candidate that ends later

The PDCCH reception includes the two PDCCH candidates also when the UE is not required to monitor one of the two PDCCH candidates as described in clauses 10,11.1, and 11.1.1.
11.1 Slot configuration

A slot format includes downlink symbols, uplink symbols, and flexible symbols.
The following are applicable for each serving cell.

ETSI