<!-- Page 145 of ts_138213v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.213 version 17.1.0 Release 17
144
ETSI TS 138213 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

to monitor PDCCH candidates for DCI format \( 0 \_2 \) and DCI format \( 1 \_2 \), or for DCI format \( 0 \_1 \), DCI format \( 1 \_1 \), DCI format 0_2, and DCI format 1_2, or an indication by dci-FormatsSL to monitor PDCCH candidates for DCI format \( 0 \_0 \) and DCI format \( 1 \_0 \), or for DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) and DCI format \( 1 \_1 \), or for DCI format \( 3 \_0 \), or for DCI format \( 3 \_1 \), or for DCI format \( 3 \_0 \) and DCI format \( 3 \_1 \)
- a bitmap by freqMonitorLocations, if provided, to indicate an index of one or more RB sets for the search space set \( s \), where the MSB \( k \) in the bitmap corresponds to RB set \( k-1 \) in the DL BWP. For RB set \( k \) indicated in the bitmap, the first \( \operatorname{PRB} \) of the frequency domain monitoring location confined within the RB set is given by \( R B_{s 0+k, \mathrm{DL}}^{\text {start }, \mu}+N_{\mathrm{RB}}^{\text {offset }} \), where \( R B_{s 0+k, \mathrm{DL}}^{\text {start }, \mu} \) is the index of first common RB of the RB set \( k \) [6, TS 38.214], and \( N_{\mathrm{RB}}^{\text {offset }} \) is provided by \( r b \)-Offset or \( N_{\mathrm{RB}}^{\text {offset }}=0 \) if \( r b \)-Offset is not provided. For each RB set with a corresponding value of 1 in the bitmap, the frequency domain resource allocation pattern for the monitoring location is determined based on the first \( N_{\text {RBG }}^{\text {size }} 0 \) bits infrequencyDomainResources provided by the associated CORESET configuration.

If the monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot indicates to a UE to monitor PDCCH in a subset of up to three consecutive symbols that are same in every slot where the UE monitors PDCCH for all search space sets, the UE does not expect to be configured with a PDCCH SCS other than 15 kHz if the subset includes at least one symbol after the third symbol.

A UE does not expect to be provided a first symbol and a number of consecutive symbols for a CORESET that results to a PDCCH candidate mapping to symbols of different slots.

A UE does not expect any two PDCCH monitoring occasions on an active DL BWP, for a same search space set or for different search space sets, in a same CORESET to be separated by a non-zero number of symbols that is smaller than the CORESET duration.

A UE determines a PDCCH monitoring occasion on an active DL BWP from the PDCCH monitoring periodicity, the PDCCH monitoring offset, and the PDCCH monitoring pattern within a slot. For search space set \( s \), the UE determines that PDCCH monitoring occasions exist in a slot with number \( n_{s, f}^{\mu}\left[4\right. \), TS 38.211] in a frame with number \( n_{f} \) if ( \( n_{f} \left.N_{\text {slot }}^{\text {frame }, \mu}+n_{s_{, f}}^{\mu}-o_{s}\right) \bmod k_{s}=0 \). If monitoringSlotsWithinSlotGroup is provided, the slot is the first slot in a group of slots and PDCCH monitoring occasions exist in the group of slots. The UE monitors PDCCH candidates for search space set \( s \) for \( T_{s} \) consecutive slots, starting from slot \( n_{s_{1} f}^{\mu} \), and does not monitor PDCCH candidates for search space set \( s \) for the next \( k_{s}-T_{s} \) consecutive slots.

A USS at CCE aggregation level \( L \in\{1,2,4,8,16\} \) is defined by a set of PDCCH candidates for CCE aggregation level L.

If a UE is configured with CrossCarrierSchedulingConfig for a serving cell the carrier indicator field value corresponds to the value indicated by CrossCarrierSchedulingConfig.

For an active DL BWP of a serving cell on which a UE monitors PDCCH candidates in a USS, if the UE is not configured with a carrier indicator field, the UE monitors the PDCCH candidates without carrier indicator field. For an active DL BWP of a serving cell on which a UE monitors PDCCH candidates in a USS, if a UE is configured with a carrier indicator field, the UE monitors the PDCCH candidates with carrier indicator field.

A UE does not expect to monitor PDCCH candidates on an active DL BWP of a secondary cell if the UE is configured to monitor PDCCH candidates with carrier indicator field corresponding to that secondary cell in another serving cell. For the active DL BWP of a serving cell on which the UE monitors PDCCH candidates, the UE monitors PDCCH candidates at least for the same serving cell.

For a search space set \( s \) associated with CORESET \( p \), the CCE indexes for aggregation level \( L \) corresponding to PDCCH candidate \( m_{s, n_{C I}}^{(L)} \) of the search space set in slot \( n_{s_{1} f}^{\mu} \) for an active DL BWP of a serving cell corresponding to carrier indicator field value \( n_{C I} \) are given by
\[
L \cdot\left\{\left(Y_{p, n_{s, f}^{\mu}}+\left\lfloor\frac{m_{s, n_{C I}}^{(L)} \cdot N_{\mathrm{CCE}, p}}{L \cdot M_{s, \max }^{(L)}}\right\rfloor+n_{C I}\right) \bmod \left\lfloor N_{\mathrm{CCE}, p} / L\right\rfloor\right\}+i
\]
where
for any CSS, \( Y_{p, n_{s, f}^{\mu}}=0 \);

ETSI