<!-- Page 131 of ts_138213v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.213 version 17.1.0 Release 17
130
ETSI TS 138213 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

The remaining of this clause, including clause 10.1, considers that a UE is provided monitoringCapabilityConfig for a serving cell. If the UE is not provided monitoringCapabilityConfig for the serving cell, corresponding statements that the UE is provided monitoringCapabilityConfig for the serving cell are substituted as follows
- for SCS configuration \( \mu \in\{0,1,2,3\} \), the UE monitors PDCCH on the active DL BWP of the serving cell for maximum numbers of PDCCH candidates and non-overlapping CCEs per slot as in Tables 10.1-2 and 10.1-3.
- for SCS configuration \( \mu \in\{5,6\} \), the UE monitors PDCCH on the active DL BWP of the serving cell for maximum numbers of PDCCH candidates and non-overlapping CCEs per group of \( X_{s} \) slots according to combination \( \left(X_{s}, Y_{s}\right)=(4,1) \) for \( \mu=5 \) and \( \left(X_{s}, Y_{s}\right)=(8,1) \) for \( \mu=6 \) as in Tables 10.1-2B and 10.1-3B.

The UE does not expect to monitor PDCCH with SCS configuration \( \mu=6 \) before the UE is provided dedicated higher layer parameters.

A UE can indicate a capability to monitor PDCCH according to one or more of the combinations \( (\mathrm{X}, \mathrm{Y})=(2,2),(4,3) \), and \( (7,3) \) per SCS configuration of \( \mu=0 \) and \( \mu=1 \). A span is a number of consecutive symbols in a slot where the UE is configured to monitor PDCCH. Each PDCCH monitoring occasion is within one span. If a UE monitors PDCCH on a cell according to combination ( \( \mathrm{X}, \mathrm{Y} \) ), the UE supports PDCCH monitoring occasions in any symbol of a slot with minimum time separation of \( X \) symbols between the first symbol of two consecutive spans, including across slots. A span starts at a first symbol where a PDCCH monitoring occasion starts and ends at a last symbol where a PDCCH monitoring occasion ends, where the number of symbols of the span is up to \( Y \).

If a UE indicates a capability to monitor PDCCH according to multiple ( \( \mathrm{X}, \mathrm{Y} \) ) combinations and a configuration of search space sets to the UE for PDCCH monitoring on a cell results to a separation of every two consecutive PDCCH monitoring spans that is equal to or larger than the value of \( X \) for more than one of the multiple combinations ( \( X, Y \) ), the UE monitors PDCCH on the cell according to the combination ( \( X, Y \) ), from the more than one combinations ( \( X, Y \) ), that is associated with the largest maximum number of \( M_{\text {PDCCH }}^{\max ,(X, Y), \mu} \) and \( C_{\text {PDCCH }}^{\max ,(X, Y), \mu} \) defined in Table 10.1-2A and Table 10.1-3A. The UE expects to monitor PDCCH according to the same combination (X, Y) in every slot on the active DL BWP of a cell.

For SCS configuration \( \mu=5 \) or \( \mu=6 \), a UE can indicate a capability to monitor PDCCH according to one or more combinations ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ), where \( X_{s} \) and \( Y_{s} \) are numbers of consecutive slots. Groups of \( X_{s} \) slots are consecutive and nonoverlapping and the \( Y_{s} \) slots are within the \( X_{s} \) slots. The first group of \( X_{s} \) slots starts from the beginning of a subframe. The start of two consecutive groups of \( Y_{s} \) slots is separated by \( X_{s} \) slots.

If a UE monitors PDCCH on a cell according to combination ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ), the UE can monitor PDCCH for Type1-PDCCH CSS set provided by dedicated higher layer signalling, Type3-PDCCH CSS sets, and USS sets in any slot of the \( Y_{s} \) slots, and the UE can monitor PDCCH for Type0/0A/2-PDCCH CSS set and Typel-PDCCH CSS set provided in SIB1 in any slot of the \( X_{s} \) slots. The UE determines the number of monitored PDCCH candidates and the number of non-overlapped CCEs for combination ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ) based on all search space sets within the \( X_{s} \) slots, as applicable according to the search space set configurations, and maximum corresponding values are provided in Table 10.1-2B and Table 10.1-3B, respectively.

For \( \mu=6 \), if the UE indicates a capability to monitor PDCCH according to multiple combinations ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ) and a configuration of search space sets to the UE for PDCCH monitoring on a serving cell results to a separation of every two consecutive groups of \( Y_{s} \) slots that is not smaller than \( X_{s} \) for more than one combinations ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ), of the multiple combinations ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ), the UE monitors PDCCH on the cell according to the combination ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ), from the more than one combinations ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ), that is associated with the largest maximum number of \( M_{\text {PDCCH }}^{\max , X_{S}, \mu} \) and \( C_{\text {PDCCH }}^{\max , X_{S}, \mu} \) defined in Table 10.1-2B and Table 10.1-3B.

A UE capability for PDCCH monitoring per slot, or per group of \( X_{s} \) slots according to combination \( \left(X_{s}, Y_{s}\right) \), or per span on an active DL BWP of a serving cell is defined by a maximum number of PDCCH candidates and non-overlapped CCEs the UE can monitor per slot, or per group of \( X_{s} \) slots according to combination ( \( X_{s}, Y_{s} \) ), or per span, respectively, on the active DL BWP of the serving cell.

For monitoring of a PDCCH candidate by a UE, if the UE
- has received ssb-PositionsInBurst in SIBI and has not received ssb-PositionsInBurst in ServingCellConfigCommon for a serving cell, and
- does not monitor PDCCH candidates in a Type0-PDCCH CSS set, and

ETSI