<!-- Page 209 of ts_138213v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.213 version 17.1.0 Release 17
208
ETSI TS 138213 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

NumSubchannel a number of sub-channels where each sub-channel includes a number of contiguous RBs provided by sl-SubchannelSize. The first RB of the first sub-channel in the SL BWP is indicated by sl-StartRB-Subchannel.
Available slots for a resource pool are provided by sl-TimeResource and occur with a periodicity of 10240 ms . For an available slot without S-SS/PSBCH blocks, SL transmissions can start from a first symbol indicated by sl-StartSymbol and be within a number of consecutive symbols indicated by sl-LengthSymbols. For an available slot with S-SS/PSBCH blocks, the first symbol and the number of consecutive symbols is predetermined.

The UE expects to use a same numerology in the SL BWP and in an active UL BWP in a same carrier of a same cell. If the active UL BWP numerology is different than the SL BWP numerology, the SL BWP is deactivated.

A priority of a PSSCH according to NR radio access or according to E-UTRA radio access is indicated by a priority field in a respective scheduling SCI format. A priority of a PSSS/SSSS/PSBCH according to E-UTRA radio access is provided by \( s l \)-SSB-PriorityEUTRA [13, TS 36.213]. A priority of an S-SS/PSBCH block is provided by \( s l \)-SSBPriorityNR. A priority of a PSFCH is determined as described in clause 16.2.4.2.

A UE does not expect to be provided search space sets associated with CORESETs on more than one cell to monitor PDCCH for detection of DCI format 3_0 or DCI format 3_1.
16.1 Synchronization procedures

A UE receives the following SL synchronization signals in order to perform synchronization procedures based on SSS/PSBCH blocks: SL primary synchronization signals (S-PSS) and SL secondary synchronization signals (S-SSS) [4, TS 38.211].

A UE assumes that reception occasions of a physical sidelink broadcast channel (PSBCH), S-PSS, and S-SSS are in consecutive symbols [4, TS 38.211] and form a S-SS/PSBCH block.

For reception of a S-SS/PSBCH block, a UE assumes a frequency location corresponding to the subcarrier with index 66 in the S-SS/PSBCH block [4, TS 38.211], is provided by sl-AbsoluteFrequencySSB. The UE assumes that a S-PSS symbol, a S-SSS symbol, and a PSBCH symbol have a same transmission power. The UE assumes a same numerology of the S-SS/PSBCH as for a SL BWP of the S-SS/PSBCH block reception, and that a band width of the S-SS/PSBCH is within a bandwidth of the SL BWP. The UE assumes the subcarrier with index 0 in the S-SS/PSBCH block is aligned with a subcarrier with index 0 in an RB of the SLBWP.

A UE is provided, by sl-NumSSB-WithinPeriod, a number \( N_{\text {period }}^{\text {S-SSB }} \) of S-SS/PSBCH blocks in a period of 16 frames. The UE assumes that a transmission of the S-SS/PSBCH blocks in the period is with a periodicity of 16 frames. The UE determines indexes of slots that include S-SS/PSBCH block as \( N_{\text {offset }}^{\text {S-SSB }}+\left(N_{\text {interval }}^{\text {S-SSB }}+1\right) \cdot i_{\text {S-SSB }} \), where
- index 0 corresponds to a first slot in a frame with SFN of the serving cell satisfying \( (\mathrm{SFN} \bmod 16)=0 \) or DFN satisfying \( ( \) DFN \( \bmod 16)=0 \)
- \( i_{\text {S-SSB }} \) is a S-SS/PSBCH block index within the number of S-SS/PSBCH blocks in the period, with \( 0 \leq i_{\text {S-SSB }} \leq N_{\text {period }}^{\text {S-SSB }}-1 \)
- \( \quad N_{\text {offset }}^{\text {S-SSB }} \) is a slot offset from a start of the period to the first slot including S-SS/PSBCH block, provided by slTimeOffsetSSB
- \( \quad N_{\text {interval }}^{\mathrm{S}-\mathrm{SSB}} \) is a slot interval between S-SS/PSBCH blocks, provided by sl-TimeInterval

For paired spectrum, an S-SS/PSBCH block can be transmitted/received only in a slot of an UL carrier. For unpaired spectrum, an S-SS/PSBCH block can be transmitted/received only in a slot of which all OFDM symbols are configured as UL by tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon of the serving cell if provided or sl-TDD-Configuration if provided or sl-TDD-Config of the received PSBCH if provided. Or if tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and sl-TDD-Configuration are not provided for a spectrum indicated with only PC5 interface in Table 5.2E.1-1 in [TS 38.101-1], an S-SS/PSBCH block can be transmitted/received in any slot of the spectrum.

For transmission of an S-SS/PSBCH block, a UE includes a bit sequence \( a_{0}, a_{1}, a_{2}, a_{3}, \ldots, a_{11} \) in the PSBCH payload to indicate sl-TDD-Config and provide a slot format over a number of slots.

For paired spectrum, or if tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and sl-TDD-Configuration are not provided for a spectrum indicated with only PC5 interface in Table 5.2E.1-1 in [TS 38.101-1],
- \( a_{0}, a_{1}, a_{2}, a_{3}, a_{4}, a_{5}, a_{6}, a_{7}, a_{8}, a_{9}, a_{10}, a_{11} \) are set to '1';

ETSI