<!-- Page 170 of ts_138213v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.213 version 17.1.0 Release 17
169
ETSI TS 138213 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

If a UE is provided \( t d d \)-UL-DL-Configuration Common, the UE sets the slot format per slot over a number of slots as indicated by tdd-UL-DL-Configuration Common.

The tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon provides
- a reference SCS configuration \( \mu_{\mathrm{re}} \) by referenceSubcarrierSpacing
- a patternl.

The patternl provides
- a slot configuration period of \( P \) msec by dl-UL-TransmissionPeriodicity
- a number of slots \( d_{\text {slots }} \) with only downlink symbols by nrofDownlinkSlots
- a number of downlink symbols \( d_{\text {sym }} \) by nrofDownlinkSymbols
- a number of slots \( u_{\text {slots }} \) with only uplink symbols by nrofUplinkSlots
- a number of uplink symbols \( u_{\text {sym }} \) by nrofUplinkSymbols

A value \( P=0.625 \mathrm{msec} \) is valid only for \( \mu_{\text {res }}=3 \). A value \( P=1.25 \mathrm{msec} \) is valid only for \( \mu_{\text {res }}=2 \) or \( \mu_{\text {res }}=3 \). A value \( P=2.5 \mathrm{msec} \) is valid only for \( \mu_{\mathrm{re} 5}=1 \), or \( \mu_{\mathrm{re} 5}=2 \), or \( \mu_{\mathrm{re} 5}=3 \).

A slot configuration period of \( P \) msec includes \( S=P \cdot 2^{\mu_{\text {er }}} \) slots with SCS configuration \( \mu_{\text {ref }} \). From the \( S \) slots, a first \( d_{\text {slots }} \) slots include only downlink symbols and a last \( u_{\text {slots }} \) slots include only uplink symbols. The \( d_{\text {sym }} \) symbols after the first \( d_{\text {slots }} \) slots are downlink symbols. The \( u_{\text {sym }} \) symbols before the last \( u_{\text {slos }} \) slots are uplink symbols. The remaining \( \left(S-d_{\text {slots }}-u_{\text {slots }}\right) \cdot N_{\text {symb }}^{\text {slot }}-d_{\text {sym }}-u_{\text {sym }} \) are flexible symbols.

The first symbol every \( 20 / P \) periods is a first symbol in an even frame.
If tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon provides both pattern I and pattern 2, the UE sets the slot format per slot over a first number of slots as indicated by patternl and the UE sets the slot format per slot over a second number of slots as indicated by pattern 2 .

The pattern 2 provides
- a slot configuration period of \( P_{2} \) msec by dl-UL-TransmissionPeriodicity
- a number of slots \( d_{\text {slots, } 2} \) with only downlink symbols by nrofDownlinkSlots
- a number of downlink symbols \( d_{\text {sym,2 }} \) by nrofDownlinkSymbols
- a number of slots \( u_{\text {slots }, 2} \) with only uplink symbols by nrofUplinkSlots
- a number of uplink symbols \( u_{\text {sym, } 2} \) by nrofUplinkSymbols

The applicable values of \( P_{2} \) are same as the applicable values for \( P \).

A slot configuration period of \( P+P_{2} \) msec includes first \( S=P \cdot 2^{\mu_{\mathrm{er}}} \) slots and second \( S_{2}=P_{2} \cdot 2^{\mu_{\mathrm{er}}} \) slots.

From the \( s_{2} \) slots, a first \( d_{\text {slos, } 2} \) slots include only downlink symbols and a last \( u_{\text {slots }, 2} \) include only uplink symbols. The \( d_{\text {sym, } 2} \) symbols after the first \( d_{\text {slots, } 2} \) slots are downlink symbols. The \( u_{\text {sym, } 2} \) symbols before the last \( u_{\text {slots, } 2} \) slots are uplink symbols. The remaining \( \left(S_{2}-d_{\text {slots }, 2}-u_{\text {slots }, 2}\right) \cdot N_{\text {symb }}^{\text {slot }}-d_{\text {sym }, 2}-u_{\text {sym }, 2} \) are flexible symbols.

ETSI