<!-- Page 59 of ts_138213v170100p -->

3GPP TS 38.213 version 17.1.0 Release 17
58
ETSI TS 138213 V17.1.0 (2022-05)

indicated as downlink by tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon or indicated as a symbol of an SS/PBCH block with index provided by ssb-PositionsInBurst.

The UE may assume a minimum time between the last symbol of a PDSCH reception conveying a RAR message with a RAR UL grant and the first symbol of a corresponding PUSCH transmission scheduled by the RAR UL grant is equal to \( N_{T, 1}+N_{T, 2}+0.5 \mathrm{msec} \), where \( N_{T, 1} \) is a time duration of \( N_{1} \) symbols corresponding to a PDSCH processing time for UE processing capability 1 when additional PDSCH DM-RS is configured, \( N_{T, 2} \) is a time duration of \( N_{2} \) symbols corresponding to a PUSCH preparation time for UE processing capability 1 [6, TS 38.214] and, for determining the minimum time, the UE considers that \( N_{1} \) and \( N_{2} \) correspond to the smaller of the SCS configurations for the PDSCH and the PUSCH. For \( \mu=0 \), the UE assumes \( N_{1,0}=14[6, \mathrm{TS} 38.214] \).
8.4 PDSCH with UE contention resolution identity

In response to a PUSCH transmission scheduled by a RAR UL grant when a UE has not been provided a C-RNTI, the UE attempts to detect a DCI format \( 1 \_0 \) with CRC scrambled by a corresponding TC-RNTI scheduling a PDSCH that includes a UE contention resolution identity [11, TS 38.321]. In response to the PDSCH reception with the UE contention resolution identity, the UE transmits HARQ-ACK information in a PUCCH. The PUCCH transmission is within a same active UL BWP as the PUSCH transmission. A minimum time between the last symbol of the PDSCH reception and the first symbol of the corresponding PUCCH transmission with the HARQ-ACK information is equal to \( N_{T, 1}+0.5 \mathrm{msec} . N_{T, 1} \) is a time duration of \( N_{1} \) symbols corresponding to a PDSCH processing time for UE processing capability 1 when additional PDSCH DM-RS is configured. For \( \mu=0 \), the UE assumes \( N_{1,0}=14[6 \), TS 38.214].

When detecting a DCI format in response to a PUSCH transmission scheduled by a RAR UL grant, as described in [11, TS 38.321], or corresponding PUSCH retransmission scheduled by a DCI format \( 0 \_0 \) with CRC scrambled by a TCRNTI provided in the corresponding RAR message [11, TS 38.321], the UE may assume the PDCCH carrying the DCI format has the same DM-RS antenna port quasi co-location properties, as described in [6, TS 38.214], as for a SS/PBCH block the UE used for PRACH association, as described in clause 8.1, regardless of whether or not the UE is provided TCI-State for the CORESET where the UE receives the PDCCH with the DCI format.

9 UE procedure for reporting control information
If a UE is configured with a SCG, the UE shall apply the procedures described in this clause for both MCG and SCG.
- When the procedures are applied for MCG, the terms 'secondary cell', 'secondary cells', 'serving cell', 'serving cells' in this clause refer to secondary cell, secondary cells, serving cell, serving cells belonging to the MCG respectively.
- When the procedures are applied for SCG, the terms 'secondary cell', 'secondary cells', 'serving cell', 'serving cells' in this clause refer to secondary cell, secondary cells (not including PSCell), serving cell, serving cells belonging to the SCG respectively. The term 'primary cell' in this clause refers to the PSCell of the SCG.

If a UE is configured with a PUCCH-SCell, the UE shall apply the procedures described in this clause for both primary PUCCH group and secondary PUCCH group
- When the procedures are applied for the primary PUCCH group, the terms 'secondary cell', 'secondary cells', 'serving cell', 'serving cells' in this clause refer to secondary cell, secondary cells, serving cell, serving cells belonging to the primary PUCCH group respectively.
- When the procedures are applied for secondary PUCCH group, the terms 'secondary cell', 'secondary cells', 'serving cell', 'serving cells' in this clause refer to secondary cell, secondary cells (not including the PUCCHSCell), serving cell, serving cells belonging to the secondary PUCCH group respectively. The term 'primary cell' in this clause refers to the PUCCH-SCell of the secondary PUCCH group. If pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-secondaryPUCCHgroup-r16 is provided, pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook is replaced by pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-secondaryPUCCHgroup-r16. If harq-ACK-SpatialBundlingPUCCH-secondaryPUCCHgroup is provided, harq-ACK-SpatialBundlingPUCCH is replaced by harq-ACK-SpatialBundlingPUCCHsecondaryPUCCHgroup. If harq-ACK-SpatialBundlingPUSCH-secondaryPUCCHgroup is provided, harq-ACK-SpatialBundlingPUSCH is replaced by harq-ACK-SpatialBundingPUSCH-secondaryPUCCHgroup-If UCI-MuxWithDifferentPriority-secondaryPUCCHgroup is provided, UCI-MuxWithDifferentPriority is replaced by UCI-MuxWithDifferentPriority-secondaryPUCCHgroup. If simultaneousPUCCH-PUSCH-

ETSI