<!-- Page 1148 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1147
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
A.3.1.2 ASN.1 identifier naming conventions

The naming of identifiers (i.e., the ASN. 1 field and type identifiers) should be based on the following guidelines:
- Message (PDU) identifiers should be ordinary mixed case without hyphenation. These identifiers, e.g, the RRCConnectionModificationCommand, should be used for reference in the procedure text. Abbreviations should be avoided in these identifiers and abbreviated forms of these identifiers should not be used.
- Type identifiers other than PDU identifiers should be ordinary mixed case, with hyphenation used to set off acronyms only where an adjacent letter is a capital, e.g., EstablishmentCause, SelectedPLMN (not Selected-PLMN, since the "d" in "Selected" is lowercase), InitialUE-Identity and MeasSFN-SFN-TimeDifference.
- Field identifiers shall start with a lowercase letter and use mixed case thereafter, e.g., establishmentCause. If a field identifier begins with an acronym (which would normally be in upper case), the entire acronym is lowercase (plmn-Identity, not pLMN-Identity). The acronym is set off with a hyphen (ue-Identity, not ueldentity), in order to facilitate a consistent search pattern with corresponding type identifiers.
- Identifiers should convey the meaning of the identifier and should avoid adding unnecessary postfixes (eg. abstractions like 'Info') for the name.
- Identifiers that are likely to be keywords of some language, especially widely used languages, such as C++ or Java, should be avoided to the extent possible.
- Identifiers, other than PDU identifiers, longer than 25 characters should be avoided where possible. It is recommended to use abbreviations, which should be done in a consistent manner i.e. use 'Meas' instead of 'Measurement' for all occurrences. Examples of typical abbreviations are given in table A.3.1.2.1-1 below.
- For future extension: When an extension is introduced a suffix is added to the identifier of the concerned ASN. 1 field and/or type. A suffix of the form "-rX" is used, with X indicating the release, for ASN 1 fields or types introduced in a later release (ie a release later than the original/first release of the protocol) as well as for ASN 1 fields or types for which a revision is introduced in a later release replacing a previous version, e.g., Foo-r9 for the Rel-9 version of the ASN 1 type Foo. A suffix of the form "rXb" is used for the first revision of a field that it appears in the same release ( \( X \) ) as the original version of the field, "rXc" for a second intra-release revision and so on. A suffix of the form "-vXYZ" is used for ASN. 1 fields or types that only are an extension of a corresponding earlier field or type (see clause A.4), e.g., AnElement\( v 10 b 0 \) for the extension of the ASN 1 type AnElement introduced in version 10.11 .0 of the specification. A number \( 0 . .9,10,11 \), etc. is used to represent the first part of the version number, indicating the release of the protocol. Lower case letters \( a, b, c \), etc. are used to represent the second (and third) part of the version number if they are greater than 9. In the procedural specification, in field descriptions as well as in headings suffices are not used, unless there is a clear need to distinguish the extension from the original field.
- More generally, in case there is a need to distinguish different variants of an ASN. 1 field or IE, a suffix should be added at the end of the identifiers e.g. MeasObjectUTRA, ConfigCommon. When there is no particular need to distinguish the fields (e.g. because the field is included in different IEs), a common field identifier name may be used. This may be attractive e.g. in case the procedural specification is the same for the different variants.
- It should be avoided to use field identifiers with the same name within the elements of a CHOICE, including using a CHOICE inside a SEQUENCE (to avoid certain compiler errors).

ETSI