<!-- Page 553 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
552
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
-- TAG-DOWNLINKCONFIGCOMMON-START
DownlinkConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {
```

```
    initialDownlinkBWP BWP-DownlinkCommon OPTIONAL, -- Cond ServCellAdd.
    ...r
    [ [
    ntn-Config-rl7 NTN-Config-rl7 OPTIONAL, -- Need. R
    initialDownlinkBWP-RedCap-rl7 BWP-DownlinkCommon OPTIONAL -- Need R
```

```
-- (FFS on the signalling details, e.g. whether to broadcast feeder link delay difference or something different)
    ] ]
}
-- TAG-DOWNLINKCONFIGCOMMON-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline DownlinkConfigCommon field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
frequencyinfoDL \\
Basic parameters of a downlink carrier and transmission thereon.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
initialDownlinkBWP \\
The initial downlink BWP configuration for a serving cell. The network configures the locationAndBandwidth so that the initial downlink BWP contains the entire CORESET\#0 of this serving cell in the frequency domain.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
initialDownlinkBWP-RedCap \\
If present, RedCap UEs use this DL BWP instead of initialDownilikBWP. If the locationAndBandwidth of this BWP contains the entire CORESET\#0, the UE applies the locationAndBandwidth upon reception of this field (e.g. to determine the frequency position of signals described in relation to this locationAndBandwidth) but it keeps CORESET\#0 until after reception of RRCSetup/RRCResume/RRCReestablishment. Otherwise, i.e., if the locationAndBandwidth of this BWP does not contain the entire CORESET\#0, the UE uses this BWP also for receiving DL messages during initial access (Msg2, Msg4, ...) and after initial access. \\
If absent, RedCap UEs use initialDownilikBWP provided that it does not exceed the RedCap UE maximum bandwidth (see also clause 5.2.2.4.2).
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline InterFreqHOAndServCellAdd & This field is mandatory present for inter-frequency handover, and upon serving cell (PSCell/SCell) addition. Otherwise, the field is optionally present, Need M. \\
\hline ServCellAdd & This field is mandatory present upon serving cell addition (for PSCell and SCell) and upon handover from E-UTRA to NR. It is optionally present, Need M otherwise. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- DownlinkConfigCommonSIB

The IE DownlinkConfigCommonSIB provides common downlink parameters of a cell.
DownlinkConfigCommonSIB information element

-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-DOWNLINKCONFIGCOMMONSIB-START
ETSI