<!-- Page 61 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
60
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

bearer ID, security key) at MN have not been updated. In order to avoid such re-use, the network may e-g. use different RB identities for RB establishments, change the AS security key, or an RRC_CONNECTED to RRC_IDLE/RRC_INACTIVE and then to RRC_CONNECTED transition.

In order to limit the signalling overhead, individual messages/ packets include a short sequence number (PDCP SN, as specified in TS 38.323 [5]). In addition, an overflow counter mechanism is used: the hyper frame number ( \( H F N \), as specified in TS 38.323 [5]). The HFN needs to be synchronized between the UE and the network.

For each SRB , the value provided by RRC to lower layers to derive the 5 -bit BEARER parameter used as input for ciphering and for integrity protection is the value of the corresponding srb-Identity with the MSBs padded with zeroes.

For a UE provided with an sk-counter, keyToUse indicates whether the UE uses the master key ( \( \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} \) ) or the secondary key ( \( \mathrm{S}-\mathrm{K}_{\varepsilon N B} \) or \( \mathrm{S}-\mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} \) ) for a particular DRB. The secondary key is derived from the master key and \( s k \)-Counter, as defined in TS 33.501 [11]. Whenever there is a need to refresh the secondary key, e g. upon change of MN with \( K_{g N B} \) change or to avoid COUNT reuse, the security key update is used (see 5.3 .5 .7 ). When the UE is in NR-DC, the network may provide a UE configured with an SCG with an \( s k \)-Counter even when no DRB is setup using the secondary key (S\( \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} \) ) in order to allow the configuration of SRB3. The network can also provide the UE with an \( s k \)-Counter, even if no SCG is configured, when using SN terminated MCG bearers.
5.3.2 Paging
5.3.2.1 General

Figure 5.3.2.1-1: Paging

The purpose of this procedure is:
- to transmit paging information to a UE in RRC_IDLE or RRC_INACTIVE.
5.3.2.2 Initiation

The network initiates the paging procedure by transmitting the Paging message at the UE's paging occasion as specified in TS 38.304 [20]. The network may address multiple UEs within a Paging message by including one PagingRecord for each UE.
5.3.2.3 Reception of the Paging message by the UE

Upon receiving the Paging message, the UE shall:
1> if in RRC_IDLE, for each of the PagingRecord, if any, included in the Paging message:
\( 2> \) if the ue-Identity included in the PagingRecord matches the UE identity allocated by upper layers:
3> if upper layers indicate the support of paging cause:
4> forward the ue-Identity, accessType (if present) and paging cause (if determined) to the upper layers;
3> else:
4> forward the ue-Identity and accessType (if present) to the upper layers;
1> if in RRC_INACTIVE, for each of the PagingRecord, if any, included in the Paging message:
\( 2> \) if the ue-Identity included in the PagingRecord matches the UE's stored fullI-RNTT:

ETSI