<!-- Page 194 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
193
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. il-Threshold as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Mi, Thresh are expressed in dBm .
Hys is expressed in dB.
5.5.4.11 Event C1 (The NR sidelink channel busy ratio is above a threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition C1-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition C1-2, as specified below, is fulfilled; Inequality C1-1 (Entering condition)

Ms-Hys > Thresh
Inequality C1-2 (Leaving condition)
Ms + Hys \( < \) Thresh
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M s \) is the measurement result of channel busy ratio of the transmission resource pool, not taking into account any offsets.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR-SL for this event).
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. cl-Threshold as defined within reportConfigNR-SL for this event).
\( M s \) is expressed in decimal from 0 to 1 in steps of 0.01 .
Hys is expressed is in the same unit as Ms.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as Ms.
5.5.4.12 Event C2 (The NR sidelink channel busy ratio is below a threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition C2-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition C2-2, as specified below, is fulfilled; Inequality C2-1 (Entering condition)
\( M s+H y s< \) Thresh
Inequality C2-2 (Leaving condition)
Ms-Hys> Thresh
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M s \) is the measurement result of channel busy ratio of the transmission resource pool, not taking into account any offsets.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR-SL for this event).
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. c2-Threshold as defined within reportConfigNR-SL for this event).
\( M s \) is expressed in decimal from 0 to 1 in steps of 0.01 .

ETSI