<!-- Page 1077 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1076
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Timer & Start & Stop & At expiry \\
\hline T342 & Upon transmitting UEAssistance/nformation message with DelayBudgetReport. & Upon releasing delayBudgetReportingConfig during the connection reestablishment/resume procedures, and upon receiving delayBudgetReportingConfig set to release. & No action. \\
\hline T345 & Upon transmitting UEAssistance/nformation message with overheatingAssistance & Upon releasing overheatingAssistance during the connection re-establishment procedure, upon initiating the connection resumption procedure, and upon receiving overheatingAssistanceConfig set to release. & No action. \\
\hline T346a (The UE maintains one instance of this timer per cell group) & Upon transmitting UEAssistance/nformation message with drPreference. & Upon releasing \( d r x \) PreferenceConfig during the connection reestablishment/resume procedures, upon receiving \( d r x \) PreferenceConfig set to release, or upon performing MR-DC release. & No action. \\
\hline T346b (The UE maintains one instance of this timer per cell group) & Upon transmitting UEAssistanceInformation message with maxBWPreference. & Upon releasing maxBWPreferenceConfig during the connection reestablishment/resume procedures, upon receiving maxBW-PreferenceConfig set to release, or upon performing MRDC release. & No action. \\
\hline T346c (The UE maintains one instance of this timer per cell group) & Upon transmitting UEAssistance/nformation message with maxCCPreference. & Upon releasing maxCCPreferenceConfig during the connection reestablishment/resume procedures, upon receiving maxCC-PreferenceConfig set to release, or upon performing MRDC release. & No action. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI