<!-- Page 193 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
192
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Inequality B2-2 (Entering condition 2)
\( M n+O f n+O c n-H y s>T h r e s h 2 \)
Inequality B2-3 (Leaving condition 1)
Mp - Hys > Thresh l
Inequality B2-4 (Leaving condition 2)
\( M n+O f n+O c n+H y s<T h r e s h 2 \)
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M_{p} \) is the measurement result of the PCell, not taking into account any offsets.
\( M n \) is the measurement result of the inter-RAT neighbour cell, not taking into account any offsets.
Ofn is the measurement object specific offset of the frequency of the inter-RAT neighbour cell (i.e. eutra-QOffsetRange as defined within the measObjectEUTRA corresponding to the frequency of the inter-RAT neighbour cell, utra-FDD-Q-OffsetRange as defined within the measObjectUTRA-FDD corresponding to the frequency of the neighbour inter-RAT cell).

Ocn is the cell specific offset of the inter-RAT neighbour cell (i.e. cellIndividualOffset as defined within the measObjectEUTRA corresponding to the neighbour inter-RAT cell), and set to zero if not configured for the neighbour cell.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).
Thresh1 is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. b2-Thresholdl as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).

Thresh2 is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. b2-Threshold2EUTRA as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event, b2-Threshold2UTRA-FDD as defined for UTRA-FDD within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).
\( M p \) is expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and SINR.
\( M n \) is expressed in dBm or dB , depending on the measurement quantity of the inter-RAT neighbour cell.
Ofn, Ocn, Hys are expressed in dB.
Thresh I is expressed in the same unit as Mp.
Thresh 2 is expressed in the same unit as Mn.
5.5.4.10 Event I1 (Interference becomes higher than threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition [1-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition [1-2, as specified below, is fulfilled.
Inequality [1-1 (Entering condition)
Mi-Hys > Thresh
Inequality [1-2 (Leaving condition)
Mi + Hys < Thresh
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M i \) is the measurement result of the interference, not taking into account any offsets.
Hys is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).

ETSI