<!-- Page 164 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
163
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

identities, it is possible to link more than one measurement object to the same reporting configuration, as well as to link more than one reporting configuration to the same measurement object. The measurement identity is also included in the measurement report that triggered the reporting, serving as a reference to the network. For conditional reconfiguration triggering, one measurement identity links to exactly one conditional reconfiguration trigger configuration. And up to 2 measurement identities can be linked to one conditional reconfiguration execution condition.
4. Quantity configurations: The quantity configuration defines the measurement filtering configuration used for all event evaluation and related reporting, and for periodical reporting of that measurement. For NR measurements, the network may configure up to 2 quantity configurations with a reference in the NR measurement object to the configuration that is to be used. In each configuration, different filter coefficients can be configured for different measurement quantities, for different RS types, and for measurements per cell and per beam.
5. Measurement gaps: Periods that the UE may use to perform measurements.

Editor Note: It is FFS whether and how the definition of measurement gap should be updated due to pre-configured MG_

A UE in RRC_CONNECTED maintains a measurement object list, a reporting configuration list, and a measurement identities list according to signalling and procedures in this specification. The measurement object list possibly includes NR measurement object(s), CLI measurement object(s), inter-RAT objects, and L2 U2N Relay objects. Similarly, the reporting configuration list includes NR, inter-RAT, and L2 U2N Relay reporting configurations. Any measurement object can be linked to any reporting configuration of the same RAT type. Some reporting configurations may not be linked to a measurement object. Likewise, some measurement objects may not be linked to a reporting configuration.

The measurement procedures distinguish the following types of cells:
1. The NR serving cell(s) - these are the SpCell and one or more SCells.
2. Listed cells - these are cells listed within the measurement object(s).
3. Detected cells - these are cells that are not listed within the measurement object(s) but are detected by the UE on the SSB frequency(ies) and subcarrier spacing(s) indicated by the measurement object(s).

For NR measurement object(s), the UE measures and reports on the serving cell(s)/serving Relay UE (for L2 U2N Remote UE), listed cells and/or detected cells. For inter-RAT measurements object(s) of E-UTRA, the UE measures and reports on listed cells and detected cells and, for RSSI and channel occupancy measurements, the UE measures and reports on the configured resources on the indicated frequency. For inter-RAT measurements object(s) of UTRA-FDD, the UE measures and reports on listed cells. For CLI measurement object(s), the UE measures and reports on configured measurement resources (i.e. SRS resources and/or CLI-RSSI resources). For L2 U2N Relay object(s), the UE measures and reports on the serving NR cell(s), as well as the discovered L2 U2N Relay UEs.

Whenever the procedural specification, other than contained in clause 5.5 .2 , refers to a field it concerns a field included in the VarMeasConfig unless explicitly stated otherwise i.e. only the measurement configuration procedure covers the direct UE action related to the received measConfig.

In NR-DC, the UE may receive two independent measConfig:
- a measConfig, associated with MCG, that is included in the RRCReconfiguration message received via SRB1; and
- a measConfig, associated with SCG, that is included in the RRCReconfiguration message received via SRB3, or, alternatively, included within a RRCReconfiguration message embedded in a RRCReconfiguration message received via SRB1.

In this case, the UE maintains two independent VarMeasConfig and VarMeasReportList, one associated with each measConfig, and independently performs all the procedures in clause 5.5 for each measConfig and the associated VarMeasConfig and VarMeasReportList, unless explicitly stated otherwise.

The configurations related to CBR measurements are only included in the measConfig associated with MCG.
The configurations related to Rx -Tx time difference measurement are only included in the measConfig associated with MCG_

ETSI