<!-- Page 190 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
189
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Ofn, Ocn, Ofp, Ocp, Hys, Off are expressed in dB.
NOTE 2: The definition of Event A3 also applies to CondEvent A3.
5.5.4.5 Event A4 (Neighbour becomes better than threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition A4-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition A4-2, as specified below, is fulfilled.
Inequality A4-1 (Entering condition)
\( M n+O f n+O c n-H y s>T h r e s h \)
Inequality A4-2 (Leaving condition)
\( M n+O f n+O c n+H y s<T h r e s h \)
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M n \) is the measurement result of the neighbouring cell, not taking into account any offsets.
Ofn is the measurement object specific offset of the neighbour cell (i.e. offsetMO as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the neighbour cell).

Ocn is the measurement object specific offset of the neighbour cell (i.e. celllndividualOffset as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the neighbour cell), and set to zero if not configured for the neighbour cell.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. a4-Threshold as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Mn is expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and RS-SINR.
Ofn, Ocn, Hys are expressed in dB.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as Mn.
NOTE: The definition of Event A4 also applies to CondEvent A4.
5.5.4.6 Event A5 (SpCell becomes worse than threshold1 and neighbour becomes better than threshold2)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when both condition A5-1 and condition A5-2, as specified below, are fulfilled;

1> consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition A5-3 or condition A5-4, i.e. at least one of the two, as specified below, is fulfilled;

1> use the SpCell for Mp.
NOTE 1: The parameters of the reference signal(s) of the cell(s) that triggers the event are indicated in the measObjectNR associated to the event which may be different from the measObjectNR of the NR SpCell.

Inequality A5-1 (Entering condition 1)
\( M p+H y s< \) Thresh \( l \)
Inequality A5-2 (Entering condition 2)
\( M n+O f n+O c n-H y s>T h r e s h 2 \)
Inequality A5-3 (Leaving condition 1)

ETSI