<!-- Page 58 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
57
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Editor's note: The one-bit-approach described in the CT1 LS in R2-2109818 may require some modification of the above. The impact is pending further CT1 input.
5.2.2.4.18 Actions upon reception of SIB16

Upon receiving SIB16 with cell reselection priorities for slicing, the UE shall perform the actions as specified in clause in TS 38.304 [20].
5.2.2.4.19 Actions upon reception of SIB17

Upon receiving SIB17, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) if the UE has stored at least one segment of SIB17 and the value tag of SIB17 has changed since a previous segment was stored:
\( 2> \) discard all stored segments;
1> store the segment;
\( 1> \) if all segments have been received:
\( 2> \) assemble SIB17-IEs from the received segments.
The UE should discard any stored segments for SIB17 if the complete SIB17 has not been assembled within a period of 3 hours. The UE shall discard any stored segments for SIB17 upon cell (re-) selection.
5.2.2.4.20 Actions upon reception of SIB18

Upon receiving SIB18, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) forward the Group [Ds for Network selection (GINs) in SIB18 with the corresponding SNPN identities to upper layers;
5.2.2.4.21 Actions upon reception of SIB19

Upon receiving SIB19, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) instruct the lower layers to start or restart ntn-UlSyncValidityDuration from the subframe indicated by epochTime;

NOTE: UE should attempt to re-acquire SIB19 before the end of the duration indicated by \( n t n \) UlSyncValidityDuration and epochTime by UE implementation.
5.2.2.4.22 Actions upon reception of SIB20

No UE requirements related to the contents of SIB20 apply other than those specified elsewhere e-g. within procedures using the concerned system information, and/or within the corresponding field descriptions.
5.2.2.4.23 Actions upon reception of SIB21

No UE requirements related to the contents of SIB21 apply other than those specified elsewhere eg. within procedures using the concerned system information, and/or within the corresponding field descriptions.
5.2.2.5 Essential system information missing

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) if in RRC_IDLE or in RRC_INACTIVE or in RRC_CONNECTED while T311 is running:
\( 2> \) if the UE is unable to acquire the MIB:
\( 3> \) consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 [20];

ETSI