<!-- Page 42 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
41
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

which \( S F N \bmod m=0 \), where \( m \) is the number of radio frames comprising the modification period. The modification period is configured by system information. If H -SFN is provided in SIB1, and UE is configured with eDRX, modification period boundaries are defined by SFN values for which (H-SFN * \( 1024+ \) SFN ) mod \( m=0 \).

For UEs in RRC_IDLE or RRC_INACTIVE configured to use an eDRX cycle longer than the modification period, an eDRX acquisition period is defined. The boundaries of the eDRX acquisition period are determined by \( H \)-SFN values for which H -SFN \( \bmod 1024=0 \).

The UE receives indications about SI modifications and/or PWS notifications using Short Message transmitted with PRNTI over DCI (see clause 6.5). Repetitions of SI change indication may occur within preceding modification period or within preceding eDRX acquisition period. SI change indication is not applicable for SI messages containing posSIBs.

UEs in RRC_IDLE or in RRC_INACTIVE while T319a is not running shall monitor for SI change indication in their own paging occasion(s) every DRX cycle. UEs in RRC_CONNECTED shall monitor for SI change indication in any paging occasion at least once per modification period if the UE is provided with common search space, including pagingSearchSpace, searchSpaceSIBl and searchSpaceOtherSystemInformation, on the active BWP to monitor paging, as specified in TS 38.213 [13], clause 13.

UES in RRC_[NACTIVE while T319a is running shall monitor for SI change indication in any paging occasion at least once per modification period.

During a modification period where ETWS or CMAS transmission is started or stopped, the SI messages carrying the posSIBs scheduled in posSchedulingInfoList may change, so the UE might not be able to successfully receive those posSIBs in the remainder of the current modification period and next modification period according to the scheduling information received prior to the change.

ETWS or CMAS capable UEs in RRC_IDLE or in RRC_INACTIVE while T319a is not running shall monitor for indications about PWS notification in its own paging occasion every DRX cycle. ETWS or CMAS capable UEs in RRC_CONNECTED shall monitor for indication about PWS notification in any paging occasion at least once every defaultPagingCycle if the UE is provided with common search space, including pagingSearchSpace, searchSpaceSIBI and searchSpaceOtherSystemInformation, on the active BWP to monitor paging.

ETWS or CMAS capable UEs in RRC_INACTIVE while T319a is running shall monitor for indication about PWS notification in any paging occasion at least once every defaultPagingCycle.

For Short Message reception in a paging occasion, the UE monitors the PDCCH monitoring occasion(s) for paging as specified in TS 38.304 [20] and TS 38.213 [13].

If the UE receives a Short Message, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) if the UE is ETWS capable or CMAS capable, the etwsAndCmasIndication bit of Short Message is set, and the UE is provided with searchSpaceSIBl and searchSpaceOtherSystemInformation on the active BWP or the initial BWP:
\( 2> \) immediately re-acquire the SIBI;
\( 2> \) if the UE is ETWS capable and si-Schedulinglnfo includes scheduling information for SIB6:
\( 3> \) acquire SIB6, as specified in clause 5.2.2.3.2, immediately;
\( 2> \) if the UE is ETWS capable and si-SchedulingInfo includes scheduling information for SIB7:
\( 3> \) acquire \( S I B 7 \), as specified in clause 5.2.2.3.2, immediately;
\( 2> \) if the UE is CMAS capable and si-SchedulingInfo includes scheduling information for SIB8:
\( 3> \) acquire \( S I B 8 \), as specified in clause 5.2.2.3.2, immediately;
NOTE: In case SIB6, SIB7, or SIB8 overlap with a measurement gap it is left to UE implementation how to immediately acquire SIB6, SIB7, or SIB8.
\( 1> \) if the UE is not configured with an eDRX cycle longer than the modification period and the systemInfoModification bit of Short Message is set:
\( 2> \) apply the SI acquisition procedure as defined in clause 5.2 .2 .3 from the start of the next modification period;

ETSI