<!-- Page 322 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
321
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

6 Protocol data units, formats and parameters (ASN.1)
6.1 General
6.1.1 Introduction

The contents of each RRC message is specified in clause 6.2 using ASN 1 to specify the message syntax and using tables when needed to provide further detailed information about the fields specified in the message syntax. The syntax of the information elements that are defined as stand-alone abstract types is further specified in a similar manner in clause 6.3.

Usage of the text "Network always configures the UE with a value for this field" in the field description indicates that the network has to provide a value for the field in this or in a previous message based on delta configuration (for an optional field with Need M). It does not imply a mandatory presence of the field.
6.1.2 Need codes and conditions for optional downlink fields

The need for fields to be present in a message or an abstract type, i.e., the ASN. 1 fields that are specified as OPTIONAL in the abstract notation (ASN.1), is specified by means of comment text tags attached to the OPTIONAL statement in the abstract syntax. All comment text tags are available for use in the downlink direction only. The meaning of each tag is specified in table 6.1.2-1.

If conditions are used, a conditional presence table is provided for the message or information element specifying the need of the field for each condition case. The table also specifies whether UE maintains or releases the value in case the field is absent. The conditions clarify what the UE may expect regarding the setting of the message by the network. Violation of conditions is regarded as invalid network behaviour, which the UE is not required to cope with. Hence the general error handling defined in 10.4 does not apply in case a field is absent although it is mandatory according to the CondC or CondM condition.

For guidelines on the use of need codes and conditions, see Annex A.6 and A.7.

ETSI