<!-- Page 625 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
624
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline MobilityStateParameters field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
n-CellChangeHigh \\
The number of cell changes to enter high mobility state. Corresponds to \( N_{\mathrm{CR}} \) H in TS 38.304 [20].
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
n-CellChangeMedium \\
The number of cell changes to enter medium mobility state. Corresponds to \( \mathrm{N}_{\mathrm{CR}} \mathrm{m} \) in TS 38.304 [20].
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
t-Evaluation \\
The duration for evaluating criteria to enter mobility states. Corresponds to \( \mathrm{T}_{\mathrm{cRmax}} \) in TS 38.304 [20]. Value in seconds, s 30 corresponds to 30 s and so on.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
t-HystNormal \\
The additional duration for evaluating criteria to enter normal mobility state. Corresponds to \( \mathrm{T}_{\mathrm{CRmaxHyst}} \) in TS 38.304 [20]. Value in seconds, value s 30 corresponds to 30 seconds and so on.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- MRB-Identity

The IE MRB-Identity is used to identify a multicast MRB used by a UE.
MRB-Identity information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-MRB-IDENTITY-START
MRB-Identity-rl7 ::= INTEGER (1..512)
-- TAG-MRB-IDENTITY-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
- MsgA-ConfigCommon

The IE MsgA-ConfigCommon is used to configure the PRACH and PUSCH resource for transmission of MsgA in 2-step random access type procedure.
-- ASN1START
-- TAG-MSGACONFIGCOMMON-START

MsgA-ConfigCommon-rl6 ::= SEQUENCE [
rach-ConfigCommonTwoStepRA-rl6 RACH-ConfigComonTwoStepRA-rl6,
msgA-PUSCH-Config-rl6
MsgA-PUSCH-Config-rl6 OPTIONAL --Cond InitialBWPConfig
\}
-- TAG-MSGACONFIGCOMMON-STOP
-- ASNISTOP

ETSI