<!-- Page 1111 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1110
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline CG-CandidateList field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
cg-CandidateToAddModList \\
Contains information regarding candidate target cells to be added or modified for Conditional PSCell Addition (CPA) or Conditional PSCell Change (CPC) from the candidate target secondary node to the master node.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
cg-CandidateToReleaseList \\
Contains information regarding candidate target cells for CPA or CPC to be removed from the candidate target secondary node to the master node. This list is not used in CPA or CPC preparation.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- HandoverCommand

This message is used to transfer the handover command as generated by the target gNB.
Direction: target gNB to source gNB/source RAN.
HandoverCommand message
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-HANDOVER-COMMAND-START
HandoverComand ::= SEQUENCE {
    criticalExtensions CHOICE {
        cl
            CHOICE[
            spare3 NULL, spare2 NULL, sparel NULL
        },
        criticalExtensionsFuture SEQUENCE {}
    }
}
HandoverCommand-IEs ::=
    handoverCommandMessage
    nonCriticalExtension
}
-- TAG-HANDOVER-COMMAND-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ HandoverCommand field descriptions } \\
\hline handoverCommandMessage \\
Contains the RRCReconfiguration message used to perform handover within NR or handover to NR, as generated (entirely) by the target gNB. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- HandoverPreparationInformation

This message is used to transfer the NR RRC information used by the target gNB during handover preparation or UE context retrieval, e.g. in case of resume or reestablishment, including UE capability information. This message is also used for transferring the information between the CU and DU.

ETSI