<!-- Page 1079 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1078
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Timer & Start & Stop & At expiry \\
\hline T346j (The UE maintains one instance of this timer per cell group) & Upon transmitting UEAssistancelnformation message with rimRelaxationReportingConfi g. & Upon releasing rimRelaxationReporting Config during the connection reestablishment/resume procedures, upon receiving rimRelaxationReportingConfig set to release, or upon performing MR-DC release. & No action. \\
\hline T346k (The UE maintains one instance of this timer per cell group) & Upon transmitting UEAssistanceInformation message with bfdRelaxationReportingConfi g. & Upon releasing bfdRelaxationReporting Config during the connection reestablishment/resume procedures, upon receiving bfdRelaxationReportingConfig set to release, or upon performing MR-DC release. & No action. \\
\hline T350 & Upon transmitting DedicatedSIBRequest message with requested SIB-List and/or requestedPosS/B-List. & Upon acquiring the requested SIB(s) or posSIB(s), upon releasing onDemandSIBRequest during the connection re-establishment procedures, upon receiving onDemandSIBRequest set to release, upon reception of RRCRelease or upon successful change of PCell while in RRC_CONNECTED. & No action \\
\hline T380 & Upon reception of t380 in RRCRelease. & Upon reception of RRCResume, RRCSetup or RRCRelease. & Perform the actions as specified in 5.3.13. \\
\hline T390 & When access attempt is barred at access barring check for an Access Category. The UE maintains one instance of this timer per Access Category. & Upon cell (re)selection, upon cell change due to relay (re)selection, upon entering RRC_CONNECTED, upon reception of RRCReconfiguration including reconfigurationWithSync, upon change of PCell while in RRC_CONNECTED, upon reception of MobilityFromNRCommand, or upon reception of RRCRelease. & Perform the actions as specified in 5.3.14.4. \\
\hline T400 & Upon transmission of RRCReconfigurationSidel ink & Upon reception of RRCReconfigurationFailureSidel ink or RRCReconfigurationCompleteSi delink & Perform the Sidelink radio link failure related actions as specified in 5.8.9.3. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI