<!-- Page 784 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
783
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline SDAP-Config field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
defaultDRB \\
Indicates whether or not this is the default DRB for this PDU session. Among all configured instances of SDAP-Config with the same value of pdu-Session, this field shall be set to true in at most one instance of SDAP-Config and to false in all other instances.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
mappedQoS-Flows ToAdd \\
Indicates the list of QFIs of UL QoS flows of the PDU session to be additionally mapped to this DRB. A QFI value can be included at most once in all configured instances of SDAP-Config with the same value of pdu-Session. For QoS flow remapping, the QFI value of the remapped QoS flow is only included in mappedQoS-FlowsToAdd in sdapConfig corresponding to the new DRB and not included in mappedQoS-FlowsToRelease in sdap-Config corresponding to the old DRB.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
mappedQoS-FlowsToRelease \\
Indicates the list of QFIs of QoS flows of the PDU session to be released from existing QoS flow to DRB mapping of this DRB.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
pdu-Session \\
Identity of the PDU session whose QoS flows are mapped to the DRB.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
sdap-HeaderUL \\
Indicates whether or not a SDAP header is present for UL data on this DRB. The field cannot be changed after a DRB is established. The network sets this field to present if the field defaultDRB is set to true.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
sdap-HeaderDL \\
Indicates whether or not a SDAP header is present for DL data on this DRB. The field cannot be changed after a DRB is established.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- SearchSpace

The IE SearchSpace defines how/where to search for PDCCH candidates. Each search space is associated with one ControlResourceSet. For a scheduled SCell in the case of cross carrier scheduling, except for nrofCandidates, all the optional fields are absent (regardless of their presence conditions). For a scheduled SpCell in the case of the cross carrier scheduling, if the search space is linked to another search space in the scheduling SCell, all the optional fields of this search space in the scheduled SpCell are absent (regardless of their presence conditions) except for nrofCandidates.

SearchSpace information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SEARCHSPACE-START

SearchSpace ::=
search SpaceId
controlResourceSetId.
monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset
sll
sl2
sl4
sl5
sl8
s110
sll6
sl20
sl40
s180
51160
s1320
sl640

SEQUENCE 1
SearchSpaceId,
ControlResourceSetId. OPTIONAL, -- Cond SetupOnly
CHOICE I
NULL,
INTEGER (0.1),
INTEGER (0..3),
INTEGER ( 0.4 ) ,
INTEGER ( 0.7 ) ,
INTEGER (0. 9) ,
INTEGER (0.15),
INTEGER (0.19),
INTEGER (0..39),
INTEGER (0..79),
INTEGER (0.159),
INTEGER (0..319),
INTEGER (0. 639) ,

ETSI