<!-- Page 789 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
788
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

duration
Number of consecutive slots that a SearchSpace lasts in every occasion, i.e., upon every period as given in the periodicityAndOffset. If the field is absent, the UE applies the value 1 slot, except for DCI format \( 2 \_0 \). The UE ignores this field for DCI format \( 2 \_0 \). The maximum valid duration is periodicity- 1 (periodicity as given in the monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset).
For IAB-MT, duration indicates number of consecutive slots that a SearchSpace lasts in every occasion, i.e., upon every period as given in the periodicityAndOffset. If the field is absent, the IAB-MT applies the value 1 slot, except for DCI format \( 2 \_0 \) and DCI format \( 2 \_5 \). The IAB-MT ignores this field for DCI format \( 2 \_0 \) and DCI format \( 2 \_5 \). The maximum valid duration is periodicity-1 (periodicity as given in the monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset).
freqMonitorLocations
Defines an association of the search space to multiple monitoring locations in the frequency domain and indicates whether the pattern configured in the associated CORESET is replicated to a specific RB set, see TS 38.213, clause 10.1. Each bit in the bitmap corresponds to one RB set, and the leftmost (most significant) bit corresponds to RB set 0 in the BWP. A bit set to 1 indicates that a frequency domain resource allocation replicated from the pattern configured in the associated CORESET is mapped to the RB set.
monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset
Slots for PDCCH Monitoring configured as periodicity and offset. If the UE is configured to monitor DCI format 2_1, only the values 'sl1', 'sl2' or 'sl4' are applicable. If the UE is configured to monitor DCI format \( 2 \_0 \), only the values 'sl1', 'sl2', 'sl4', 'sl5', 'sl8', 'sl10', 'sl16', and 'sl20' are applicable (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 10). If the UE is configured to monitor DCI format 2_4, only the values 'sl1', 'sl2', 'sl4', 'sl5', 'sl8' and 'sl10' are applicable.
For IAB-MT, If the IAB-MT is configured to monitor DCI format 2_1, only the values 'sI1', 'sI2' or 'sI4' are applicable. If the IAB-MT is configured to monitor DCI format \( 2 \_0 \) or DCI format 2_5, only the values 'sl1', 'sl2', 'sl4', 'sl5', 'sl8', 'sl10', 'sl16', and 'sl20' are applicable (see TS 38.213, clause 10).
If monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset-r17 is present, any previously configured monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset is released, and if monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset is present, any previously configured monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset-r17 is released.
monitoringSlotsWithinSlotGroup
Indicates which slot(s) within a slot group are configured for multi-slot PDCCH monitoring. The first (leftmost, most significant) bit represents the first slot in the slot group, the second bit represents the second slot in the slot group, and so on. A bit set to '1' indicates that the corresponding slot is configured for multi-slot PDCCH monitoring (see TS 38.213, clause 10).
monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot
The first symbol(s) for PDCCH monitoring in the slots configured for (multi-slot) PDCCH monitoring (see monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset and duration). The most significant (left) bit represents the first OFDM in a slot, and the second most significant (left) bit represents the second OFDM symbol in a slot and so on. The bit(s) set to one identify the first OFDM symbol(s) of the control resource set within a slot. If the cyclic prefix of the BWP is set to extended CP, the last two bits within the bit string shall be ignored by the UE or IAB-MT.
For DCI format 2_0, the first one symbol applies if the duration of CORESET (in the IE ControlResourceSet) identified by controlResourceSet/d indicates 3 symbols, the first two symbols apply if the duration of CORESET identified by controlResourceSet/d indicates 2 symbols, and the first three symbols apply if the duration of CORESET identified by controlResourceSet/d indicates 1 symbol.
See TS 38.213 [13], clause 10.
For IAB-MT: For DCI format \( 2 \_0 \) or DCI format \( 2 \_5 \), the first one symbol applies if the duration of CORESET (in the IE ControlResourceSet) identified by controlResourceSet/d indicates 3 symbols, the first two symbols apply if the duration of CORESET identified by controlResourceSet/dindicates 2 symbols, and the first three symbols apply if the duration of CORESET identified by controlResourceSet/d indicates 1 symbol.
See TS 38.213 [13], clause 10.
nrofCandidates-CI
The number of PDCCH candidates specifically for format 2-4 for the configured aggregation level. If an aggregation level is absent, the UE does not search for any candidates with that aggregation level. The network configures only one aggregationLevel and the corresponding number of candidates (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 10.1).
nrofCandidates-PEI
The number of PDCCH candidates specifically for format 2-7 for the configured aggregation level.
nrofCandidates-SFI
The number of PDCCH candidates specifically for format 2-0 for the configured aggregation level. If an aggregation level is absent, the UE does not search for any candidates with that aggregation level. The network configures only one aggregationLevel and the corresponding number of candidates (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 11.1.1). For a search space configured with freqMonitorLocations-r16, only value ' n 1 ' is valid.

ETSI