<!-- Page 218 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
217
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
5.6.1.5 Void
5.7 Other
5.7.1 DL information transfer
5.7.1.1 General

Figure 5.7.1.1-1: DL information transfer

The purpose of this procedure is to transfer NAS dedicated information from NG-RAN to a UE in RRC_CONNECTED or to a UE in RRC_INACTIVE during SDT, or to transfer F1-C related information from IAB Donor-CU to IAB-DU via IAB-MT in RRC_CONNECTED.
5.7.1.2 Initiation

The network initiates the DL information transfer procedure whenever there is a need to transfer NAS dedicated information, or F1-C related information. The network initiates the DL information transfer procedure by sending the DLInformationTransfer message.
5.7.1.3 Reception of the DLInformationTransfer by the UE

Upon receiving DLInformationTransfer message, the UE shall:
1> if dedicatedNAS-Message is included:
\( 2> \) forward dedicatedNAS-Message to upper layers.
\( 1> \) if referenceTimeInfo is included:
\( 2> \) calculate the reference time based on the time, referenceSFN and timeInfoType if it is included;
\( 2> \) calculate the uncertainty of the reference time based on the uncertainty, if uncertainty is included;
\( 2> \) inform upper layers of the reference time and, if uncertainty is included, of the uncertainty;
\( 2> \) ignore all further referenceTimeInfo received in SIB9, if any.
1> if sib9Fallback is included:
\( 2> \) fallback to receive referenceTimeInfo in SIB9.
\( 1> \) if \( x \) TxTimeDiff-gNB is included:
\( 2> \) calculate the propagation delay based on the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement and the received Rx-Tx time difference measurement at the gNB ;
\( 2> \) inform upper layers of the propagation delay.
Upon receiving DLInformationTransfer message, the IAB-MT shall:
\( 1> \) if dedicatedInfoFIc is included:
\( 2> \) forward dedicatedInfoFlc to the [AB-DU.

ETSI