<!-- Page 494 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
493
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList1, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList2, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList3, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList4
List of serving cells which can be updated simultaneously for TCI relation with a MAC CE. The different lists shall not contain same serving cells. Network should configure in these lists only serving cells that are configured with unifiedtci-StateType
spCellConfig
Parameters for the SpCell of this cell group (PCell of MCG or PSCell of SCG).
uplinkTxSwitchingOption
Indicates which option is configured for dynamic UL Tx switching for inter-band UL CA or (NG)EN-DC. The field is set to switchedUL if network configures option 1 as specified in TS 38.214 [19], or dualUL if network configures option 2 as specified in TS 38.214 [19]. Network always configures UE with a value for this field in inter-band UL CA case and (NG)EN-DC case where UE supports dynamic UL Tx switching.
uplinkTxSwitchingPowerBoosting
Indicates whether the UE is allowed to enable 3dB boosting on the maximum output power for transmission on carrier2 under the operation state in which 2-port transmission can be supported on carrier2 for inter-band UL CA case with dynamic UL Tx switching as defined in TS 38.101-1 [15]. Network can only configure this field for dynamic UL Tx switching in inter-band UL CA case with power Class 3 as defined in TS 38.101-1 [15].
uplinkTxSwitching-2T-Mode
Indicates 2Tx-2Tx switching mode is configured for inter-band UL CA or SUL, in which the switching gap duration for a triggered uplink switching (as specified in TS 38.214 [19]) is equal to the switching time capability value reported for the switching mode.
If this field is absent and uplinkTxSwitching is configured, it is interpreted that 1Tx-2Tx UL Tx switching is configured as specified in TS 38.214 [19]. In this case, there is one uplink (or one uplink band in case of intra-band) configured with uplinkTxSwitching, on which the maximum number of antenna ports among all configured P-SRS/A-SRS and activated SP-SRS resources should be 1 and non-codebook based UL MIMO is not configured.
uplinkTxSwitching-DualUL-TxState
Indicates the state of Tx chains if the state of Tx chains after the UL Tx switching is not unique (as specified in TS 38.214 [19]) in case of 2Tx-2Tx switching is configured and uplinkTxSwitchingOption is set to dualUL. Value one T indicates 1Tx is assumed to be supported on the carriers on each band, value twoT indicates 2Tx is assumed to be supported on that carrier.
uu-Relay-RLC-Channe/ToAddModList
Configuration of the Uu RLC entities and the corresponding MAC Logical Channels to be added and modified.
uu-Relay-RLC-ChannelToReleaseList
List of the Uu RLC entities and the corresponding MAC Logical Channels to be released.

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline \( 2 T x \) & The field is optionally present, Need R, if uplinkTxSwitching is configured; otherwise it is absent, Need R. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline DeactivatedSCG-Config field descriptions \\
\hline When the SCG is deactivated, indicates whether the UE performs BFD and RLM. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline DAPS-UplinkPowerConfig field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
p-DAPS-Source \\
The maximum total transmit power to be used by the UE in the source cell group during DAPS handover.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
p-DAPS-Target \\
The maximum total transmit power to be used by the UE in the target cell group during DAPS handover.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
uplinkPowerSharingDAPS-Mode \\
Indicates the uplink power sharing mode that the UE uses in DAPS handover (see TS 38.213 [13]).
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI