<!-- Page 406 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
405
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

UEAssistancelnformation field descriptions
preferredKO
Indicates the UE's preferred value of \( k O \) (slot offset between DCI and its scheduled PDSCH - see TS 38.214 [19], clause 5.1.2.1) for cross-slot scheduling for power saving. Value is defined for each subcarrier spacing (numerology) in units of slots. s/1 corresponds to 1 slot, s/2 corresponds to 2 slots, s/4 corresponds to 4 slots, and so on. If a value for a subcarrier spacing is absent, it is interpreted as the UE having no preference on \( k O \) for cross-slot scheduling for that subcarrier spacing. If the field is absent from the MinSchedulingOffsetPreference IE, it is interpreted as the UE having no preference on \( k O \) for cross-slot scheduling.
preferredK2
Indicates the UE's preferred value of \( k 2 \) (slot offset between DCI and its scheduled PUSCH - see TS 38.214 [19], clause 6.1.2.1) for cross-slot scheduling for power saving. Value is defined for each subcarrier spacing (numerology) in units of slots. s/ 1 corresponds to 1 slot, s \( / 2 \) corresponds to 2 slots, s 4 corresponds to 4 slots, and so on. If a value for a subcarrier spacing is absent, it is interpreted as the UE having no preference on \( k 2 \) for cross-slot scheduling for that subcarrier spacing. If the field is absent from the MinSchedulingOffsetPreference IE, it is interpreted as the UE having no preference on \( k 2 \) for cross-slot scheduling.
preferredRRC-State
Indicates the UE's preferred RRC state. The value idle is indicated if the UE prefers to be released from RRC_CONNECTED and transition to RRC_IDLE. The value inactive is indicated if the UE prefers to be released from RRC_CONNECTED and transition to RRC_INACTIVE. The value connected is indicated if the UE prefers to revert an earlier indication to leave RRC_CONNECTED state. The value outOfConnected is indicated if the UE prefers to be released from RRC_CONNECTED and has no preferred RRC state to transition to. The value connected can only be indicated if the UE is configured with connectedReporting.
reducedBW-FR1
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum aggregated bandwidth across all downlink carrier(s) and across all uplink carrier(s) of FR1, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cell(s) operating on FR1. The aggregated bandwidth across all downlink carrier(s) of FR1 is the sum of bandwidth of active downlink BWP(s) across all activated downlink carrier(s) of FR1. The aggregated bandwidth across all uplink carrier(s) of FR1 is the sum of bandwidth of active uplink BWP(s) across all activated uplink carrier(s) of FR1. If the field is absent from the MaxBW-Preference IE or the OverheatingAssistance IE, it is interpreted as the UE having no preference on the maximum aggregated bandwidth of FR1.
When indicated to address overheating, this maximum aggregated bandwidth includes carrier(s) of FR1 of both the NR MCG and the SCG. This maximum aggregated bandwidth only includes carriers of FR1 of the SCG in (NG)EN-DC. Value \( m h z 0 \) is not used when indicated to address overheating.
When indicated to address power saving, this maximum aggregated bandwidth includes carrier(s) of FR1 of the cell group that this UE assistance information is associated with. The aggregated bandwidth can only range up to the current active configuration when indicated to address power savings.
reducedBW-FR2
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum aggregated bandwidth across all downlink carrier(s) and across all uplink carrier(s) of FR2-1, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cell(s) operating on FR2-1. The aggregated bandwidth across all downlink carrier(s) of FR2-1 is the sum of bandwidth of active downlink BWP(s) across all activated downlink carrier(s) of FR2-1. The aggregated bandwidth across all uplink carrier(s) of FR2 is the sum of bandwidth of active uplink BWP(s) across all activated uplink carrier(s) of FR2-1. If the field is absent from the MaxBW-Preference IE or the OverheatingAssistance IE, it is interpreted as the UE having no preference on the maximum aggregated bandwidth of FR2-1.
When indicated to address overheating, this maximum aggregated bandwidth includes carrier(s) of FR2 of both the NR MCG and the NR SCG. This maximum aggregated bandwidth only includes carriers of FR2-1 of the SCG in (NG)EN-DC.
When indicated to address power saving, this maximum aggregated bandwidth includes carrier(s) of FR2-1 of the cell group that this UE assistance information is associated with. The aggregated bandwidth can only range up to the current active configuration when indicated to address power savings.
reducedMaxBW-FR2-2
Indicates the 'UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum aggregated bandwidth across all downlink carrier(s) and across all uplink carrier(s) of FR2-2, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cell(s) operating on FR2-2. The aggregated bandwidth across all downlink carrier(s) of FR2-2 is the sum of bandwidth of active downlink BWP(s) across all activated downlink carrier(s) of FR2-2. The aggregated bandwidth across all uplink carrier(s) of FR2-2 is the sum of bandwidth of active uplink BWP(s) across all activated uplink carrier(s) of FR2-2. If the field is absent from the MaxBW-PreferenceFR2-2 IE or the OverheatingAssistance IE, it is interpreted as the UE having no preference on the maximum aggregated bandwidth of FR2-2.
When indicated to address overheating, this maximum aggregated bandwidth includes carrier(s) of FR2-2 of both the NR MCG and the NR SCG.
When indicated to address power saving, this maximum aggregated bandwidth includes carrier(s) of FR2-2 of the cell group that this UE assistance information is associated with. The aggregated bandwidth can only range up to the current active configuration when indicated to address power savings.

ETSI