<!-- Page 478 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
477
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

-- ASNISTOP

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline BWP-Downlink field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
bwp-ld \\
An identifier for this bandwidth part. Other parts of the RRC configuration use the BWP-Id to associate themselves with a particular bandwidth part. \\
The network configures the BWPs with consecutive IDs from 1. The Network does not include the value 0 , since value 0 is reserved for the initial BWP.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline SetupOtherBWP & The field is mandatory present upon configuration of a new DL BWP. The field is optionally present, Need M, otherwise. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- BWP-DownlinkCommon

The IE BWP-DownlinkCommon is used to configure the common parameters of a downlink BWP. They are "cell specific" and the network ensures the necessary alignment with corresponding parameters of other UEs. The common parameters of the initial bandwidth part of the PCell are also provided via system information. For all other serving cells, the network provides the common parameters via dedicated signalling.

BWP-DownlinkCommon information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-BWP-DOWNLINKCOMMON-START

BWP-DownlinkCommon : :=
genericParameters
pdech-ConfigCommon
pdsch-ConfigCommon
⋯
\}
-- TAG-BWP-DOWNLINKCOMMON-STOP
-- ASNISTOP

SEQUENCE 1
BWP,
SetupRelease \{ PDCCH-ConfigCommon \} OPTIONAL, -- Need M
SetupRelease \{ PDSCH-ConfigCommon \}
OPTIONAL, -- Need M

BWP-DownlinkCommon field descriptions
pdcch-ConfigCommon
Cell specific parameters for the PDCCH of this BWP. This field is absent for a dormant BWP.
pdsch-ConfigCommon
Cell specific parameters for the PDSCH of this BWP.
- BWP-DownlinkDedicated

The IE BWP-DownlinkDedicated is used to configure the dedicated (UE specific) parameters of a downlink BWP.

ETSI