<!-- Page 1176 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1175
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Message & P & A-I & A-C & Comment \\
\hline SecurityModeFailure & + & NA & NA & Neither integrity protection nor ciphering applied. \\
\hline SidelinkUE/nformationNR & + & - & - & The message shall not be sent unprotected before AS security activation if slCapability/nformationSidelink information field is included in the message. \\
\hline Systeminformation & + & + & + & \\
\hline UEAssistancelnformation & - & - & - & \\
\hline UECapabilityEnquiry & + & - & - & The network should retrieve UE capabilities only after AS security activation. \\
\hline UECapability/nformation & + & - & - & \\
\hline ULDedicatedMessageSegment & + & - & - & \\
\hline UEInformationRequest & - & - & - & \\
\hline UEInformationResponse & - & - & - & In order to protect privacy of UEs, UE/nformationResponse is only sent from the UE after successful security activation \\
\hline ULInformationTransfer & + & - & - & \\
\hline ULinformationTransferIRAT & \multicolumn{4}{|l|}{NOTE 2} \\
\hline ULInformationTransferMRDC & - & - & - & \\
\hline \multicolumn{5}{|c|}{\begin{tabular}{l}
NOTE 1: This message type carries segments of other RRC messages. The protection of an instance of this message is the same as for the message which this message is carrying. \\
NOTE 2: This message type carries others RRC messages. The protection of an instance of this message is the same as for the message which this message is carrying.
\end{tabular}} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
B. 2 Description of BWP configuration options

There are two possible ways to configure BWP\#0 (i.e the initial BWP) for a UE:
1) Configure BWP-DownlinkCommon and BWP-UplinkCommon in ServingCellConfigCommon, but do not configure dedicated configurations in BWP-DownlinkDedicated or BWP-UplinkDedicated in ServingCellConfig.
2) Configure both BWP-DownlinkCommon and BWP-UplinkCommon in ServingCellConfigCommon and configure dedicated configurations in at least one of BWPDownlinkDedicated or BWP-UplinkDedicated in ServingCellConfig.

The same way of configuration is used for UL BWP\#0 and DL BWP\#0 if both are configured.
With the first option (illustrated by figure B2-1 below), the BWP\#0 is not considered to be an RRC-configured BWP, i.e. UE only supporting one BWP can still be configured with BWP\#1 in addition to BWP\#0 when using this configuration. The BWP\#0 can still be used even if it does not have the dedicated configuration, albeit in a more limited manner since only the SIB1-defined configurations are available. For example, only DCI format \( 1 \_0 \) can be used with BWP\#0 without dedicated configuration, so changing to another BWP requires RRCReconfiguration since DCI format \( 1 \_0 \) doesn't support DCI-based switching.

ETSI