<!-- Page 791 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
790
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline Setup & This field is mandatory present upon creation of a new SearchSpace. It is optionally present, Need M, otherwise. \\
\hline Setup2 & This field is mandatory present when a new SearchSpace is set up, if the same SearchSpace ID is not included in searchSpaces ToAddModListExt-r16 of the parent IE with the field searchSpaceType-r16 or searchSpaceType-r17 included. Otherwise it is optionally present, Need M. \\
\hline Setup3 & This field is mandatory present when a new SearchSpace is set up, if the same SearchSpace ID is not included in searchSpaces ToAddModListExt (without suffix) of the parent IE with the field searchSpaceType (without suffix) included. Otherwise it is optionally present, Need M. \\
\hline Setup4 & This field is mandatory present upon creation of a new SearchSpace if monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset-r17 is not included. It is optionally present, Need M, otherwise. \\
\hline Setup5 & This field is mandatory present upon creation of a new SearchSpace if monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset (without suffix) is not included. It is optionally present, Need M, otherwise. \\
\hline SetupOnly & This field is mandatory present upon creation of a new SearchSpace. It is absent, Need M, otherwise. \\
\hline SetupOnly2 & \begin{tabular}{l}
In PDCCH-Config, the field is optionally present upon creation of a new SearchSpace and absent, Need M upon reconfiguration of an existing SearchSpace. \\
In PDCCH-ConfigCommon, the field is absent.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- SearchSpaceld

The IE SearchSpaceld is used to identify Search Spaces. The ID space is used across the BWPs of a Serving Cell. The search space with the SearchSpaceld \( =0 \) identifies the search space configured via PBCH (MIB) and in ServingCellConfigCommon (searchSpaceZero). The number of Search Spaces per BWP is limited to 10 including the common and UE specific Search Spaces.

SearchSpaceld information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SEARCHSPACEID-START

SearchSpaceId : : INTEGER (O. maxNrofSearchSpaces-1)
-- TAG-SEARCHSPACEID-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
- SearchSpaceZero

The IE SearchSpaceZero is used to configure SearchSpace\#0 of the initial BWP (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 13).
SearchSpaceZero information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SEARCHSPACEZERO-START

SearchSpaceZero ::= INTEGER (0.15)

ETSI