<!-- Page 1164 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1163
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- Extension markers are introduced when extension is foreseen and when comprehension is not required by the receiver i.e behaviour is defined for the case where the receiver cannot comprehend the extended value (e.g. ignoring an optional CHOICE field). It should be noted that defining the behaviour of a receiver upon receiving a not comprehended choice value is not required if the sender is aware whether or not the receiver supports the extended value.
- A suffix of the form "vXYZ" is used for the identifier of each new choice value, e.g. "choice-vXYZ".

Non-critical extensions at the end of a message/ of a field contained in an OCTET or BIT STRING:
- When a nonCriticalExtension is actually used, a "Need" code should not be provided for the field, which always is a group including at least one extension and a field facilitating further possible extensions. For simplicity, it is recommended not to provide a "Need" code when the field is not actually used either.

Further, more general, guidelines:
- In case a need code is not provided for a group, a "Need" code is provided for all individual extension fields within the group i.e. including for fields that are not marked as OPTIONAL. The latter is to clarify the action upon absence of the whole group.
A.4.3.3 Typical example of evolution of IE with local extensions

The following example illustrates the use of the extension marker for a number of elementary cases (sequence, enumerated, choice). The example also illustrates how the IE may be revised in case the critical extension mechanism is used.

NOTE In case there is a need to support further extensions of release \( n \) while the ASN 1 of release ( \( n+1 \) ) has been frozen, without requiring the release \( n \) receiver to support decoding of release ( \( \mathrm{n}+1 \) ) extensions, more advanced mechanisms are needed e.g. including multiple extension markers.
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
InformationElementl ::=
    fieldl
    field2
        field2a
        field2b
        ...;
        field2c-v960
    },
    ...;
    [ [
    field3-r9
    ]],
    [ [
    field3-v9a0
    field4-r9
    ]]
}
InformationElementl-rlo ::=
    fieldl
```

```
SEQUENCE {
    ENUMERATED {
        valuel, value2, value3, value4-v880,
        ..., value5-v960 },
    CHOICE \
        BOOLEAN,
        InformationElement2b,
        InformationElement2c-r9
    InformationElement3-r9 OPTIONAL -- Need R
    InformationElement3-v9a0 OPTIONAL, -- Need R
    InformationElement4 OPTIONAL -- Need R
```

```
SEQUENCE \
    ENUMERATED {
        valuel, value2, value3, value4-v880,
```


ETSI