<!-- Page 1149 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1148
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table A.3.1.2-1: Examples of typical abbreviations used in ASN. 1 identifiers}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Abbreviation & Abbreviated word \\
\hline Config & Configuration \\
\hline DL & Downlink \\
\hline Ext & Extension \\
\hline Freq & Frequency \\
\hline Id & Identity \\
\hline Ind & Indication \\
\hline Meas & Measurement \\
\hline MIB & MasterInformationBlock \\
\hline Neigh & Neighbour(ing) \\
\hline Param(s) & Parameter(s) \\
\hline Phys & Physical \\
\hline PCI & Physical Cell Id \\
\hline Proc & Process \\
\hline Reconfig & Reconfiguration \\
\hline Reest & Re-establishment \\
\hline Req & Request \\
\hline Rx & Reception \\
\hline Sched & Scheduling \\
\hline SIB & System InformationBlock \\
\hline Sync & Synchronisation \\
\hline Thr & Threshold \\
\hline Tx & Transmission \\
\hline UL & Uplink \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

NOTE: The table A.3.1.2.1-1 is not exhaustive. Additional abbreviations may be used in ASN.1 identifiers when needed.
A.3.1.3 Text references using ASN. 1 identifiers

A text reference into the RRC PDU contents description from other parts of the specification is made using the ASN. 1 field identifier of the referenced type. The ASN. 1 field and type identifiers used in text references should be in the italic font style. The "do not check spelling and grammar" attribute in Word should be set. Quotation marks (i.e., "") should not be used around the ASN. 1 field or type identifier.

A reference to an RRC PDU should be made using the corresponding ASN. 1 field identifier followed by the word "message", e.g., a reference to the RRCRelease message.
A reference to a specific part of an RRC PDU, or to a specific part of any other ASN.1 type, should be made using the corresponding ASN.1 field identifier followed by the word "field", e.g., a reference to the prioritisedBitRate field in the example below.
-- /example/ ASNISTART

LogicalChannelConfig : := ul-SpecificParameters priority

SEQUENCE 1 SEQUENCE 1 Priority,

ETSI