<!-- Page 703 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
702
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

PUCCH-TPC-CommandConfig information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-PUCCH-TPC-COMMANDCONFIG-START
PUCCH-TPC-CommandConfig ::= SEQUENCE \
    tpc-IndexPCell INTEGER (1..15) OPTIONAL, -- Cond PDCCH-OfSpCell
```

```
    ...;
    [ [
    tpc-IndexPUCCH-sSCell-rl7 INTEGER (1..15)
    tpc-Index PUCCH-sScellSecondaryPUCCHgroup-rl7
    ] ]
}
-- TAG-PUCCH-TPC-COMMANDCONFIG-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline PUCCH-TPC-CommandConfig field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
tpc-IndexPCell \\
An index determining the position of the first bit of TPC command (applicable to the SpCell) inside the DCI format 2-2 payload.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
tpc-IndexPUCCH-SCell \\
An index determining the position of the first bit of TPC command (applicable to the PUCCH SCell) inside the DCI format 2-2 payload.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
tpc-IndexPUCCH-sSCell, tpc-indexPUCCH-sSCellSecondaryPUCCHgroup \\
An index determining the position of the first bit of TPC command (applicable to the alternative PUCCH cell for PUCCH cell switching) inside the DCI format 2-2 payload, for the primary PUCCH group and the secondary PUCCH group respectively.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline PDCCH-OfSpcell & The field is mandatory present if the PUCCH-TPC-CommandConfig is provided in the PDCCH-Config for the SpCell. Otherwise, the field is absent, Need R. \\
\hline PDCCH-ofSpCellOrPUCCH-SCell & \begin{tabular}{l}
The field is mandatory present if the PUCCH-TPC-CommandConfig is provided in the PDCCH-Config for the PUCCH-SCell. The field is optionally present, need R , if the UE is configured with a PUCCH SCell in this cell group and if the PUCCH-TPCCommand Config is provided in the PDCCH-Config for the SpCell. \\
Otherwise, the field is absent, Need R.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline twoPUCCHgroup & This field is optionally present, Need R, if secondary PUCCH group is configured. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- PUSCH-Config

The IE PUSCH-Config is used to configure the UE specific PUSCH parameters applicable to a particular BWP.
PUSCH-Config information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-PUSCH-CONFIG-START

ETSI