<!-- Page 790 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
789
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

nrofCandidates
Number of PDCCH candidates per aggregation level. The number of candidates and aggregation levels configured here applies to all formats unless a particular value is specified or a format-specific value is provided (see inside searchSpaceType). If configured in the SearchSpace of a cross carrier scheduled cell, this field determines the number of candidates and aggregation levels to be used on the linked scheduling cell (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 10).
searchSpaceGroupldList
List of search space group IDs which the search space is associated with. The network configures at most 2 search space groups per BWP where the group ID is either 0 or 1. If searchSpaceGroup/dList (i.e. without suffix) is included. The network configures at most 3 search space groups per BWP where the group ID is either 0,1 or 2 if searchSpaceGroup/dList-r17 is included. And if searchSpaceGroupldList-r17 is included, searchSpaceGroupldList (i.e. without suffix) is ignored.
searchSpaceld
Identity of the search space. SearchSpaceld \( =0 \) identifies the searchSpaceZero configured via PBCH (MIB) or ServingCellConfigCommon and may hence not be used in the SearchSpace IE. The searchSpaceld is unique among the BWPs of a Serving Cell. In case of cross carrier scheduling, search spaces with the same searchSpaceld in scheduled cell and scheduling cell are linked to each other. The UE applies the search space for the scheduled cell only if the DL BWPs in which the linked search spaces are configured in scheduling cell and scheduled cell are both active.
For an IAB-MT, the search space defines how/where to search for PDCCH candidates for an IAB-MT:each search space is associated with one ControlResearchSet; for a scheduled cell in the case of cross carrier scheduling, except for nrofCandidates, all the optional fields are absent.
SearchSpaceLinkingld
This parameter is used to link two search spaces of same type. If two search spaces have the same SearchSpaceLinkingld UE assumes these search spaces are linked to PDCCH repetition REF. When PDCCH repetition is monitored in two linked search space (SS) sets, the UE does not expect a third monitored SS set to be linked with any of the two linked SS sets. The two linked SS sets have the same SS set type (USS/CSS). The two linked SS sets have the same DCI formats to monitor. For intra-slot PDCCH repetition: The two SS sets should have the same periodicity and offset (monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset), and the same duration. For linking monitoring occasions across the two SS sets that exist in the same slot: The two SS sets have the same number of monitoring occasions within a slot and n-th monitoring occasion of one SS set is linked to \( n \)-th monitoring occasion of the other SS set. The following SS sets cannot be linked with another SS set for PDCCH repetition: SS set 0, searchSpaceSIB1, searchSpaceOtherSystem Information, pagingSearchSpace, ra-SearchSpace, searchSpaceBroadcast, peiSearchSpace, and sdt-SearchSpace. SS set configured by recoverySearchSpaceld cannot be linked to another SS set for PDCCH repetition. When a scheduled serving cell is configured to be cross-carrier scheduled by a scheduling serving cell, two PDCCH candidates (with the same AL and candidate index associated with the scheduled serving cell) are linked only if the corresponding two SS sets in the scheduling serving cell are linked and two SS sets in the scheduled serving cell with the same SS set IDs are also linked.
searchSpaceType
Indicates whether this is a common search space (present) or a UE specific search space as well as DCI formats to monitor for.
ue-Specific
Configures this search space as UE specific search space (USS). The UE monitors the DCI format with CRC scrambled by C-RNTI, CS-RNTI (if configured), and SP-CSI-RNTI (if configured)

ETSI