<!-- Page 575 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
574
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

-- ASNISTOP
- InvalidSymbolPattern

The IE InvalidSymbolPattern is used to configure one invalid symbol pattern for PUSCH transmission repetition type B applicable for both DCI format \( 0 \_1 \) and \( 0 \_2 \), see TS 38.214 [19], clause 6.1.

InvalidSymboIPattern information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-INVALIDSYMBOLPATTERN-START
InvalidSymbolPattern-rl6 ::= SEQUENCE \
    symbols-rl6
        CHOICE \
        BIT STRING (SIZE (14)),
    },
    periodicityAndPattern-rl6
        n2 
        BIT STRING (SIZE (2)),
        BIT STRING (SIZE (4)),
        BIT STRING (SIZE (5)),
        BIT STRING (SIZE (8)),
        BIT STRING (SIZE (10))
        n40 BIT STRING (SIZE (40))
    }
    \cdots
}
-- TAG-INVALIDSYMBOLPATTERN-STOP
-- ASN1STOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline InvalidSymbolPattern field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
periodicityAndPattern \\
A time domain repetition pattern at which the pattern defined by symbols recurs. This slot pattern repeats itself continuously. When the field is not configured, the UE uses the value n1 (see TS 38.214 [19], clause 6.1).
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
symbols \\
A symbol level bitmap in time domain (see TS 38.214[19], clause 6.1). \\
For oneSlot, if ECP is configured, the first 12 bits represent the symbols within the slot and the last two bits within the bitstring are ignored by the UE; Otherwise, the 14 bits represent the symbols within the slot. \\
For twoSlots, if ECP is configured, the first 12 bits represent the symbols within the first slot and the next 12 bits represent the symbols in the second slot and the last four bits within the bit string are ignored by the UE; Otherwise, the first 14 bits represent the symbols within the first slot and the next 14 bits represent the symbols in the second slot. \\
For the bits representing symbols in a slot, the most significant bit of the bit string represents the first symbol in the slot and the second most significant bit represents the second symbol in the slot and so on. \\
This pattern recurs (in time domain) with the configured periodicityAndPattern.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI