<!-- Page 1167 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1166
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Some remarks regarding the extensions shown in the above example:
- The fields childIEx-WithoutEM-vNx0 may not really need to be optional (depends on what is defined at the next lower level).
- In general, especially when there are several nesting levels, fields should be marked as optional only when there is a clear reason.
- ChildIE1-WithoutEM

The IE ChildIEl-WithoutEM is an example of a lower level IE, used to control certain radio configurations including a configurable feature which can be setup or released using the local IE ChIE1-ConfigurableFeature. The example illustrates how the new field chIEI-NewField is added in release N to the configuration of the configurable feature. The example is based on the following assumptions:
- When initially configuring as well as when modifying the new field, the original fields of the configurable feature have to be provided also i.e as if the extended ones were present within the setup branch of this feature.
- When the configurable feature is released, the new field should be released also.
- When omitting the original fields of the configurable feature the UE continues using the existing values (which is used to optimise the signalling for features that typically continue unchanged upon handover).
- When omitting the new field of the configurable feature the UE releases the existing values and discontinues the associated functionality (which may be used to support release of unsupported functionality upon handover to an eNB supporting an earlier protocol version).

The above assumptions, which affect the use of conditions and need codes, may not always apply. Hence, the example should not be re-used blindly.

ChildIE1-WithoutEM information element
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
ChildIEl-WithoutEM ::=
    -- Root encoding, including:
    chIEl-ConfigurableFeature
}
ChildIEl-WithoutEM-vNxO ::= SEQUENCE {
    chIEl-ConfigurableFeature-vNxO ChIEl-ConfigurableFeature-vNxO OPTIONAL -- Cond ConfigF
}
ChIEl-ConfigurableFeature ::= CHOICE \
    release NULL,
    setup SEQUENCE {
        -- Root encoding
    }
}
ChIEl-ConfigurableFeature-vNx0 ::= SEQUENCE {
    chIEl-NewField-rN INTEGER (0..31)
}
```


ETSI