<!-- Page 163 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
162
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- Measurement results per SRS resource;
- SRS resource(s) indexes.

The network may configure the UE to report the following CLI measurement information based on CLI-RSSI resources:
- Measurement results per CLI-RSSI resource;
- CLI-RSSI resource(s) indexes.

The network may configure the UE to report the following Rx-Tx time difference measurement information based on CSI-RS for tracking or PRS:
- UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement result.

The measurement configuration includes the following parameters:
1. Measurement objects: A list of objects on which the UE shall perform the measurements.
- For intra-frequency and inter-frequency measurements a measurement object indicates the frequency/time location and subcarrier spacing of reference signals to be measured. Associated with this measurement object, the network may configure a list of cell specific offsets, a list of 'exclude-listed' cells and a list of 'allow-listed' cells. Exclude-listed cells are not applicable in event evaluation or measurement reporting. Allow-listed cells are the only ones applicable in event evaluation or measurement reporting.
- The measObjectld of the MO which corresponds to each serving cell is indicated by servingCellMO within the serving cell configuration.
- For inter-RAT E-UTRA measurements a measurement object is a single E-UTRA carrier frequency. Associated with this E-UTRA carrier frequency, the network can configure a list of cell specific offsets and a list of 'exclude-listed' cells. Exclude-listed cells are not applicable in event evaluation or measurement reporting.
- For inter-RAT UTRA-FDD measurements a measurement object is a set of cells on a single UTRA-FDD carrier frequency.
- For NR sidelink measurements of L2 U2N Relay UEs, a measurement object is a single NR sidelink frequency to be measured.
- For CBR measurement of NR sidelink communication, a measurement object is a set of transmission resource pool(s) on a single carrier frequency for NR sidelink communication.
- For CLI measurements a measurement object indicates the frequency/time location of SRS resources and/or CLI-RSSI resources, and subcarrier spacing of SRS resources to be measured.
2. Reporting configurations: A list of reporting configurations where there can be one or multiple reporting configurations per measurement object. Each measurement reporting configuration consists of the following:
- Reporting criterion: The criterion that triggers the UE to send a measurement report. This can either be periodical or a single event description.
- RS type: The RS that the UE uses for beam and cell measurement results (SS/PBCH block or CSI-RS).
- Reporting format: The quantities per cell and per beam that the UE includes in the measurement report (e.g. RSRP) and other associated information such as the maximum number of cells and the maximum number beams per cell to report.

In case of conditional reconfiguration, each configuration consists of the following:
- Execution criteria: The criteria the UE uses for conditional reconfiguration execution.
- RS type: The RS that the UE uses for obtaining beam and cell measurement results (SS/PBCH block-based or CSI-RS-based), used for evaluating conditional reconfiguration execution condition.
3. Measurement identities: For measurement reporting, a list of measurement identities where each measurement identity links one measurement object with one reporting configuration. By configuring multiple measurement

ETSI