<!-- Page 345 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
344
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
}
MBSBroadcastConfiguration-rl7-IEs ::= SEQUENCE {
    mbs-SessionInfoList-rl7 MBS-SessionInfoList-rl7,
    mbs-NeighbourCellList-rl7 MBS-NeighbourCellList-rl7
```

```
    pdsch-ConfigMTCH-rl7 PDSCH-ConfigBroadcast-rl7
    mtch-SSB-MappingWindowList-rl7 MTCH-SSB-MappingWindowList-rl7
    lateNonCriticalExtension OCTET STRING
    nonCriticalextension SEQUENCE {}
}
```

-- TAG-MBSBROADCASTCONFIGURATION-STOP
-- ASNISTOP

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline MBSBroadcastConfiguration field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
pdsch-ConfigMTCH \\
Provides parameters for acquiring the PDSCH for MTCH. The UE shall use parameters in pdsch-ConfigMCCH also for PDSCH of MTCH when this field is absent.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
mbs-SessioninfoList \\
Provides the configuration of each MBS session provided by MBS broadcast in the current cell.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
mbs-NeighbourCellList \\
List of neighbour cells providing MBS broadcast services via broadcast MRB. This field is used by the UE together with mtch-NeighbourCell field signalled for MBS session in the corresponding MBS-Session/nfo. When an empty list is signalled, the UE shall assume that MBS broadcast services listed in the MBSBroadcastConfiguration message are not provided via broadcast MRB in any neighbour cell. When the field is absent, the current serving cell does not provide information about MBS broadcast services in the neighbouring cells, i.e. the UE cannot determine the presence or absence of an MBS service in neighbouring cells based on the absence of this field.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

MBSInterestindication
The MBSInterestIndication message is used to inform network that the UE is receiving/ interested to receive or no longer receiving/ interested to receive MBS broadcast service(s) via a broadcast MRB.

Signalling radio bearer: SRB1
RLC-SAP: AM
Logical channel: DCCH
Direction: UE to Network
MBSInterestindication message
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-MBSINTERESTINDICATION-START
MBSInterestIndication-rl7 ::= SEQUENCE [
    criticalExtensions CHOICE \
        mbsInterestIndication-rl7 MBSInterestIndication-rl7-IEs,
```


ETSI