<!-- Page 191 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
190
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Mp - Hys > Thresh l
Inequality A5-4 (Leaving condition 2)
\( M n+O f n+O c n+H y s<T h r e s h 2 \)
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M p \) is the measurement result of the NR SpCell, not taking into account any offsets.
\( M n \) is the measurement result of the neighbouring cell, not taking into account any offsets.
Ofn is the measurement object specific offset of the neighbour cell (i.e. offsetMO as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the neighbour cell).

Ocn is the cell specific offset of the neighbour cell (i.e. cellndividualOffset as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the neighbour cell), and set to zero if not configured for the neighbour cell.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Threshl is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e a 5 -Thresholdl as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).

Thresh2 is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. a5-Threshold2 as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).

Mn, Mp are expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and RS-SINR.
Ofn, Ocn, Hys are expressed in dB.
Threshlis expressed in the same unit as Mp.
Thresh 2 is expressed in the same unit as Mn.
NOTE 2: The definition of Event A5 also applies to CondEvent A5.
5.5.4.7 Event A6 (Neighbour becomes offset better than SCell)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition A6-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition A6-2, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) for this measurement, consider the (secondary) cell corresponding to the measObjectNR associated to this event to be the serving cell.

NOTE: The reference signal(s) of the neighbour(s) and the reference signal(s) of the SCell are both indicated in the associated measObjectNR.

Inequality A6-1 (Entering condition)
\( M n+O c n-H y s>M s+O c s+O f f \)
Inequality A6-2 (Leaving condition)
\( M n+O c n+H y s<M s+O c s+O f f \)
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M n \) is the measurement result of the neighbouring cell, not taking into account any offsets.
Ocn is the cell specific offset of the neighbour cell (i.e. celllndividualOffset as defined within the associated measObjectNR), and set to zero if not configured for the neighbour cell.
\( M s \) is the measurement result of the serving cell, not taking into account any offsets.

ETSI