<!-- Page 663 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
662
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional presence & Explanation \\
\hline DRB & This field is mandatory present when the corresponding DRB/multicast MRB is being set up, absent for SRBs. Otherwise this field is optionally present, need M. \\
\hline DRB2 & This field is optionally present in case of DRB, need M. Otherwise, it is absent for SRBs and MRBs. \\
\hline Drb-Duplication & For SRBs, this field is absent. For DRBs with only one associated logical channel, this field is absent. Otherwise, this field is optional, need R. \\
\hline MoreThanOneRLC & \begin{tabular}{l}
This field is mandatory present upon RRC reconfiguration with setup of a PDCP entity for a radio bearer with more than one associated logical channel and upon RRC reconfiguration with the association of additional logical channels to the PDCP entity. \\
The field is also mandatory present in case the field moreThanTwoRLC-DRB is included in PDCP-Config. \\
Upon RRC reconfiguration when a PDCP entity is associated with multiple logical channels, this field is optionally present need M . Otherwise, this field is absent. Need R.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline More Than TwoRLC-DRB & \begin{tabular}{l}
For SRBs, this field is absent. \\
For DRBs, this field is mandatory present upon RRC reconfiguration with setup of a PDCP entity for a radio bearer with more than two associated logical channels and upon RRC reconfiguration with the association of one or more additional logical channel(s) to the PDCP entity so that the PDCP entity has more than two associated logical channels. \\
Upon RRC reconfiguration when a PDCP entity is associated with more than two logical channels, this field is optionally present, Need M . Otherwise, the field is absent, Need R.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline Ric-AM & For RLC AM, the field is optionally present, need M. Otherwise, the field is absent. \\
\hline Ric-AM-UM & In case of DRB, for RLC UM (if the UE supports DAPS handover) or RLC AM, the field is optionally present, need R. In case of multicast MRB, if multicast MRB is associated with at least one RLC AM entity, the field is optionally present, need R. Otherwise, the field is absent. \\
\hline Setup & The field is mandatory present in case of SRB or DRB setup. Otherwise the field is optionally present, need M. \\
\hline SplitBearer & The field is absent for SRBs. Otherwise, the field is optional present, need M , in case of radio bearer with more than one associated RLC mapped to different cell groups. \\
\hline SplitBearer2 & The field is mandatory present, in case of a split bearer. Otherwise the field is absent. \\
\hline ConnectedTo5GC & The field is optionally present, need R, if the UE is connected to 5GC. Otherwise the field is absent. \\
\hline ConnectedTo5GC1 & The field is optionally present, need R, if the UE is connected to NR/5GC or if the UE supports user plane integrity protection when connected to E-UTRA/EPC (as specified in TS 33.401 [30]). Otherwise the field is absent. \\
\hline Setup1 & This field is mandatory present in case of SRB and DRB setup for RLC-AM and RLC-UM. Otherwise, this field is absent, Need M. \\
\hline Setup2 & This field is mandatory present in case for radio bearer setup for RLC-AM and RLC-UM. Otherwise, this field is absent, Need M. \\
\hline SetupOnlyMRB & This field is mandatory present in case of multicast MRB setup. Otherwise, this field is absent, Need N. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- PDSCH-Config

The PDSCH-Config IE is used to configure the UE specific PDSCH parameters. If this IE is used for MBS CFR, the following fields shall be absent: minimumSchedulingOffsetK0, antennaPortsFieldPresenceDCI-1-2, aperiodicZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSetsToAddModListDCI-1-2, aperiodicZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSetsToReleaseListDCI-1-2, dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA-DCI-1-2, dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeB-DCI-1-2, dmrs-SequenceInitializationDCI-1-2, harq-ProcessNumberSizeDCI-1-2, mcs-TableDCI-1-2, numberOfBitsForRV-DCI-1-2, pdsch-AggregationFactor, pdsch-TimeDomainAllocationListDCI-1-2, prb-BundlingTypeDCI-1-2, priority[ndicatorDCI-1-2, rateMatchPatternGroup1DCI-1-2, rateMatchPatternGroup2DCI-1-2, resourceAllocationType1GranularityDCI-1-2, vrb-ToPRB-InterleaverDCI-1-2, referenceOfSLIVDCI-1-2, resourceAllocationDCI-1-2, dataScramblingIdentityPDSCH2-r16, repetitionSchemeConfig.

PDSCH-Config information element

-- ASNISTART
ETSI