<!-- Page 310 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
309
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. sl-Threshold as defined within sl-ReportConfig for this event).
Ms is expressed in dBm in case of RSRP.
Hys is expressed in dB.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as Ms.
5.8.10.4.3 Event S2 (Serving becomes worse than threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition S2-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition S2-2, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) for this NR sidelink measurement, consider the NR sidelink frequency indicated by the \( s \) /-MeasObject associated to this event.

Inequality S2-1 (Entering condition)
Ms + Hys \( < \) Thresh
Inequality S2-2 (Leaving condition)
Ms - Hys > Thresh
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M s \) is the NR sidelink measurement result of the NR sidelink frequency, not taking into account any offsets.
Hys is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. sl-Hysteresis as defined within sl-ReportConfig for this event).
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. s2-Threshold as defined within sl-ReportConfig for this event).
Ms is expressed in dBm in case of RSRP.
Hys is expressed in dB.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as Ms.
5.8.10.5 Sidelink measurement reporting
5.8.10.5.1 General

Figure 5.8.10.5.1-1: NR sidelink measurement reporting

The purpose of this procedure is to transfer measurement results from the UE to the peer UE associated.
For the \( s l \)-Measl \( d \) for which the NR sidelink measurement reporting procedure was triggered, the UE shall set the \( s l \) MeasResults within the MeasurementReportSidelink message as follows:
\( 1> \) set the \( s / \)-Meas \( l d \) to the measurement identity that triggered the NR sidelink measurement reporting;
\( 1> \) if the \( s l \)-ReportConfig associated with the \( s l \)-Measl \( d \) that triggered the NR sidelink measurement reporting is set to sl-EventTriggered or sl-Periodical:

ETSI