<!-- Page 133 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
132
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
5.3.8.5 UE actions upon the expiry of Data/nactivityTimer

Upon receiving the expiry of DataInactivityTimer from lower layers while in RRC_CONNECTED, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) perform the actions upon going to RRC_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11, with release cause 'RRC connection failure'.
5.3.8.6 T346g expiry

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) if T346g expires:
\( 2> \) perform the actions upon going to RRC_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11, with release cause 'other'.
5.3.9 RRC connection release requested by upper layers
5.3.9.1 General

The purpose of this procedure is to release the RRC connection. Access to the current PCell may be barred as a result of this procedure.
5.3.9.2 Initiation

The UE initiates the procedure when upper layers request the release of the RRC connection as specified in TS 24.501 [23]. The UE shall not initiate the procedure for power saving purposes.

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) if the upper layers indicate barring of the PCell:
2> treat the PCell used prior to entering RRC_IDLE as barred according to TS 38.304[20];
\( 1> \) perform the actions upon going to RRC_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11, with release cause 'other'.
5.3.10 Radio link failure related actions
5.3.10.1 Detection of physical layer problems in RRC_CONNECTED

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) if any DAPS bearer is configured, upon receiving N310 consecutive "out-of-sync" indications for the source SpCell from lower layers and T304 is running:
\( 2> \) start timer T310 for the source SpCell.
\( 1> \) upon receiving N310 consecutive "out-of-sync" indications for the SpCell from lower layers while neither T300, T301, T304, T311, T316 nor T319 are running:
\( 2> \) start timer T310 for the corresponding SpCell.
5.3.10.2 Recovery of physical layer problems

Upon receiving N311 consecutive "in-sync" indications for the SpCell from lower layers while T310 is running, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) stop timer T310 for the corresponding SpCell.
\( 1> \) stop timer T312 for the corresponding SpCell, if running.
NOTE 1: In this case, the UE maintains the RRC connection without explicit signalling, i.e the UE maintains the entire radio resource configuration.

ETSI