<!-- Page 1040 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1039
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

-- TAG-CARRIEREREQLISTMBS-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
- CFR-ConfigMCCH-MTCH

The IE \( C F R \)-ConfigMCCH-MTCH is used to configure the common frequency resource used for MCCH and MTCH reception.
CFR-ConfigMCCH-MTCH information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-CFRCONFIGMCCHMTCH-START
CFR-ConfigMCCH-MTCH-rl7::= SEQUENCE [
    locationAndBandwidthBroadcast-rl7
    pdsch-ConfigMCCH-rl7
    commonControlResourceSetExt-rl7
}
LocationAndBandwidthBroadcast-rl7::= CHOICE [
    sameAsCoreset0-rl7
    sameAsSiblConfiguredLocationAndBW-rl7
    locationAndBandwidth-rl7
}
-- TAG-CFRCONFIGMCCHMTCH-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline CFR-ConfigMCCH-MTCH field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
commonControlResourceSetExt \\
An additional common control resource set which may be configured and used for searchSpaceMCCH/searchSpaceMTCHor UE-specific search space in the BWP where searchSpaceMCCH is configured. It is contained in the bandwidth of locationAndBandwidthBroadcast.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
locationAndBandwidthBroadcast \\
Indicates starting PRB and the number of PRBs of CFR used for MCCH and MTCH reception. \\
Value sameAsCoresetO means the CFR for broadcast has the same location and size as CORESET0. \\
Value sameAsSib1ConfiguredLocationAndBW means the CFR for broadcast has the same location and size as the locationAndBandwidth for initial BWP configured in SIB1. \\
Value locationAndBandwidth is used to configure CFR with bandwidth that is larger than the bandwidth for initial BWP configured in SIB1.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|c|c|}
\hline Conditional Presence & \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Explanation } \\
\hline NotS/B1CommonControlResource & The field is optional present in case commonControlResourceSet is not configured in SIB1, Need R, otherwise it is absent. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- DRX-ConfigPTM

The IE DRX-Config-PTM is used to configure DRX related parameters for PTM transmission as specified in TS 38.321 [3].

ETSI