<!-- Page 323 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
322
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 6.1.2-1: Meaning of abbreviations used to specify the need for fields to be present}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Abbreviation & Meaning \\
\hline Cond conditionTag & \begin{tabular}{l}
Conditionally present \\
Presence of the field is specified in a tabular form following the ASN. 1 segment.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline CondC conditionTag & \begin{tabular}{l}
Configuration condition \\
Presence of the field is conditional to other configuration settings.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline CondM conditionTag & \begin{tabular}{l}
Message condition \\
Presence of the field is conditional to other fields included in the message.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline Need S & \begin{tabular}{l}
Specified \\
Used for (configuration) fields, whose field description or procedure specifies the UE behavior performed upon receiving a message with the field absent (and not if field description or procedure specifies the UE behavior when field is not configured).
\end{tabular} \\
\hline Need M & \begin{tabular}{l}
Maintain \\
Used for (configuration) fields that are stored by the UE i.e. not one-shot. Upon receiving a message with the field absent, the UE maintains the current value.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline Need N & \begin{tabular}{l}
No action (one-shot configuration that is not maintained) \\
Used for (configuration) fields that are not stored and whose presence causes a one-time action by the UE. Upon receiving message with the field absent, the UE takes no action.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline Need R & \begin{tabular}{l}
Release \\
Used for (configuration) fields that are stored by the UE i.e. not one-shot. Upon receiving a message with the field absent, the UE releases the current value.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

NOTE: In this version of the specification, the condition tags CondC and CondM are not used.
Any field with Need M or Need N in system information shall be interpreted as Need R.
The need code used within a CondX definition only applies for the case (part of the condition) where it is defined: A condition may have different need codes for different parts of the condition. In particular, the CondX definition may contain the following "otherwise the field is absent" parts:
- "Otherwise, the field is absent": The field is not relevant or should not be configured when this part of the condition applies. In particular, the UE behaviour is not defined when the field is configured via another part of the condition and is reconfigured to this part of the condition. A need code is not provided when the transition from another part of the condition to this part of the condition is not supported, when the field clearly is a one-shot or there is no difference whether UE maintains or releases the value (e.g., in case the field is mandatory present according to the other part of the condition).
- "Otherwise, the field is absent, Need R": The field is released if absent when this part of the condition applies. This handles UE behaviour in case the field is configured via another part of the condition and this part of the condition applies (which means that network can assume UE releases the field if this part of the condition is valid).
- "Otherwise, the field is absent, Need M": The UE retains the field if it was already configured when this part of the condition applies. This means the network cannot release the field , but UE retains the previously configured value.

Use of different Need codes in different parts of a condition should be avoided.
For downlink messages, the need codes, conditions and ASN. 1 defaults specified for a particular (child) field only apply in case the (parent) field including the particular field is present. Thus, if the parent is absent the UE shall not release the field unless the absence of the parent field implies that.

ETSI