<!-- Page 1152 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1151
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
RRCConnectionReconfigurationComplete ::= SEQUENCE \
    rrc-TransactionIdentifier RRC-TransactionIdentifier,
    criticalExtensions CHOICE \
        rrcConnectionReconfigurationComplete-r8
            RRCConnectionReconfigurationComplete-r8-IEs,
        criticalExtensionsFuture SEQUENCE {}
    }
}
RRCConnectionReconfigurationComplete-r8-IEs ::= SEQUENCE {
    -- Enter the fields here.
    ...
}
-- ASNISTOP
```


Non-critical extensions are characterised by the addition of new information to the original specification of the PDU type. If not comprehended, a non-critical extension may be skipped by the decoder, whilst the decoder is still able to complete the decoding of the comprehended parts of the PDU contents.

Non-critical extensions at locations other than the end of the message or other than at the end of a field contained in a BIT or OCTET STRING are facilitated by use of the ASN1 extension marker "...". The original specification of a PDU type should normally include the extension marker at the end of the sequence of information elements contained.

Non-critical extensions at the end of the message or at the end of a field that is contained in a BIT or OCTET STRING may be facilitated by use of an empty sequence that is marked OPTIONAL e.g as shown in the following example:
```
-- /example/ ASNISTART
RRCMessage-r8-IEs ::= SEQUENCE \
    fieldl
    field2
    nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {} OPTIONAL
}
-- ASNISTOP
```


The ASN 1 clause specifying the contents of a PDU type may be followed by a field description table where a further description of, e.g., the semantic properties of the fields may be included. The general format of this table is shown in the example below. The field description table is absent in case there are no fields for which further description needs to be provided e.g. because the PDU does not include any fields, or because an IE is defined for each field while there is nothing specific regarding the use of this IE that needs to be specified.

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline & \%PDU-Typeldentifier\% field descriptions \\
\hline \%field identifier\% Field description. & \\
\hline & \\
\hline \%field identifier\% & \\
\hline Field description. & \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI