<!-- Page 110 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
109
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
5.3.5.12a.1.2 IP Address Addition/Modification

The IAB-MT shall:
\( 1> \) for each iab-IP-AddressIndex value included in the iab-IP-AddressToAddModList that is not part of the current IAB-MT configuration:
\( 2> \) add the IP address indicated in iab-IP-Address, corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.
2 if added IP address is iPv4-Address:
\( 3> \) if tab-IP-Usage is set to \( f l-C \) :
\( 4> \) store the received IPv4 address for F1-C traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else if iab-IP-Usage is set to fl-U:
4> store the received IPv4 address for F1-U traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else if iab-IP-Usage is set to non-FI:
4> store the received IPv4 address for non-F1 traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else:
4> store the received IPv4 address for all traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.
\( 2> \) else if iPv6-Address is included:
\( 3> \) if tab-IP-Usage is set to \( f l-C \) :
\( 4> \) store the received IPv6 address for F1-C traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else if iab-IP-Usage is set to fl-U:
\( 4> \) store the received IPv6 address for F1-U traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else if iab-IP-Usage is set to non-F1:
4> store the received IPv6 address for non-F1 traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else:
\( 4> \) store the received IPv6 address for all traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.
\( 2> \) else if iPv6-Prefix is included in iab-IP-AddressToAddModList:
3> if iab-IP-Usage is set to fl-C:
4> store the received [Pv6 address prefix for F1-C traffic together with the IAB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else if iab-IP-Usage is set to fl-U:
4> store the received [Pv6 address prefix for F1-U traffic together with the [AB-donor-DU BAP address corresponding to the iab-IP-AddressIndex.

3> else if iab-IP-Usage is set to non-Fl:

ETSI