<!-- Page 1123 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1122
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

scg-CellGroupConfigEUTRA
Includes the E-UTRA RRCConnectionReconfiguration message as specified in TS 36.331 [10]. In this version of the specification, the E-UTRA RRC message can only include the field scg-Configuration:
- to be sent to the UE, used to (re-)configure the SCG configuration upon SCG establishment or modification (only when the SCG is not released by the SN), as generated (entirely) by the (target) SeNB. In this case, the SN sets the scg-Configuration within the EUTRA RRCConnectionReconfiguration message in accordance with clause 6 in TS 36.331 [10] e.g. regarding the "Need" or "Cond" statements.
or
- including the current SCG configuration of the UE, when provided in response to a query from MN, or in SN triggered SN change in order to enable delta signalling by the target SN .

The field is absent if neither SCG (re)configuration nor SCG configuration query nor SN triggered SN change is performed, e.g. at inter-node capability/configuration coordination which does not result in SCG (re)configuration towards the UE. The field is also absent upon an SCG release triggered by the SN. This field is only used in NEDC.
scg-RB-Config
Contains the IE RadioBearerConfig:
- to be sent to the UE, used to (re-)configure the SCG RB configuration upon SCG establishment or modification, as generated (entirely) by the (target) SgNB or SeNB. In this case, the SN sets the RadioBearerConfig in accordance with clause 6, e.g. regarding the "Need" or "Cond" statements.
or
- including the current SCG RB configuration of the UE, when provided in response to a query from MN or in SN triggered SN change or in SN triggered SN release or bearer type change between SN terminated bearer to MN terminated bearer in order to enable delta signaling by the MN or target SN. In this case, the SN sets the RadioBearerConfig in accordance with clause 11.2.3.

The field is absent if neither SCG (re)configuration nor SCG configuration query nor SN triggered SN change nor SN triggered SN release is performed, e.g. at inter-node capability/configuration coordination which does not result in SCG RB (re)configuration.
selectedBandCombination
Indicates the band combination selected by SN in (NG)EN-DC, NE-DC, and NR-DC. The SN should inform the MN with this field whenever the band combination and/or feature set it selected for the SCG changes (i.e. even if the new selection concerns a band combination and/or feature set that is allowed by the allowedBC-ListMRDC)
selectedToffset
Indicates the value used by the SN for scheduling SCG transmissions (i.e. \( T_{\text {proc, } S C G}^{\text {max }} \), see TS 38.213 [13]). This field is used in NR-DC only when the fields nrdc-PC-mode-FR1r16 or nrdc-PC-mode-FR2-r16 are set to dynamic. The SN can only indicate a value that is less than or equal to maxToffset received from MN. This field is used in NR-DC only when MN has included the field maxToffset in CG-Config/nfo. Value \( m s O d o t 5 \) corresponds to 0.5 ms , value \( \mathrm{ms} O d o t 75 \) corresponds to 0.75 ms , value ms 1 corresponds to 1 ms and so on.
servCellinfoListSCG-EUTRA
Indicates the carrier frequency and the transmission bandwidth of the serving cell(s) in the SCG in intra-band NE-DC. The field is needed when MN and SN operate serving cells in the same band for either contiguous or non-contiguous intra-band band combination or LTE NR inter-band band combinations where the frequency range of the E UTRA band is a subset of the frequency range of the NR band (as specified in Table 5.5B.4.1-1 of TS 38.101-3 [34]) in NE-DC.
servCellinfoListSCG-NR
Indicates the frequency band indicator, carrier center frequency, UE specific channel bandwidth and SCS of the serving cell(s) in the SCG in intra-band (NG)EN-DC. The field is needed when MN and SN operate serving cells in the same band for either contiguous or non-contiguous intra-band band combination or LTE NR inter-band band combinations where the frequency range of the E-UTRA band is a subset of the frequency range of the NR band (as specified in Table 5.5B.4.1-1 of TS 38.101-3 [34]) in (NG)EN-DC.
transmissionBandwidth-EUTRA
Indicates the transmission bandwidth on an E-UTRA carrier frequency as defined by the parameter Transmission Bandwidth Configuration "NRB" TS 36.104 [33]. The values \( \mathrm{rb} 6, \mathrm{rb} 15, \mathrm{rb} 25, \mathrm{rb} 50, \mathrm{rb} 75, \mathrm{rb} 100 \) indicate \( 6,15,25,50,75 \) and 100 resource blocks respectively.

ETSI