<!-- Page 549 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
548
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

DMRS-BundlingPUSCH-Config field descriptions
pusch-DMRS-Bundling
Indicates whether DMRS bundling and time domain window for PUSCH are jointly enabled. If the field is absent, DMRS bundling and time domain window for PUSCH are jointly disabled.
pusch-FrequencyHoppinginterval
Configures the number of consecutive slots for the UE to perform inter-slot frequency hopping with inter-slot bundling for PUSCH. When both inter-frequency hopping and DMRS bundling are enabled for PUSCH repetitions, the UE is expected to be configured with at least one pusch-FrequencyHoppingInterval-r17 and pusch-
TimeDomainWindowLength-r17. This parameter is shared for both DG-PUSCH and CG-PUSCH. When DMRS bundling for PUSCH is enabled by pusch-DMRS-Bundling-r17, PUSCH frequency hopping interval is only determined by the configuration of PUSCH hopping interval if PUSCH hopping interval is configured. If the field is absent, the number of consecutive slots for the UE to perform inter-slot PUSCH frequency hopping is indicated by pusch-TimeDomainWindowLength-r17.
Note: For unpaired spectrum, the UE is not expected to be configured the value of s6, s8, s12 and s16.
pusch-TimeDomainWindowLength
Configures the length of a nominal time domain window in number of consecutive slots for DMRS bundling for PUSCH. The value shall not exceed the maximum duration defined in TS 38.101-1 [15] and TS 38.101-2 [39]. For PUSCH repetition type A/B, if this field is absent, the UE shall apply the default value that is the minimum value in the unit of consecutive slots of the time duration for the transmission of all PUSCH repetitions and the maximum duration defined in TS 38.101-1 [15] and TS 38.101-2 [39]. For TBoMS, if this field is absent, the UE shall apply the default value that is the minimum value in the unit of consecutive slots of the duration of TBoMS transmission (including repetition of TBoMS) and the maximum duration defined in in TS 38.101-1 [15] and TS 38.101-2 [39].
pusch-WindowRestart
Indicates whether UE bundles PUSCH DMRS remaining in a nominal time domain window after event(s) triggered by DCI or MAC CE that violate power consistency and phase continuity requirements is enabled. If the field is absent, PUSCH DMRS bundling remaining in a bundling window after event(s) triggered by DCI or MAC CE that violate power consistency and phase continuity requirements is disabled.
Note: Events, which are triggered by DCI or MAC CE, but regarded as semi-static events, e.g. frequency hopping, UL beam switching for multi-TRP operation, or other if defined, are excluded.
- DMRS-DownlinkConfig

The IE DMRS-DownlinkConfig is used to configure downlink demodulation reference signals for PDSCH.
DMRS-DownlinkConfig information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-DMRS-DOWNLINKCONEIG-START

DMRS-DownlinkConfig : :=
dmrs-Type
dmrs-AdditionalPosition
maxLength
scramblingIDO
scramblingIDl
phaseTrackingRS
⋯
[ [
dmrs-Downlink-rl6
] ]
\}
```
SEQUENCE \
    ENUMERATED {type2}
    ENUMERATED {pos0, posl, pos3}
    ENUMERATED {len2}
    INTEGER (0..65535)
    INTEGER (0..65535)
    SetupRelease { PTRS-DownlinkConfig}}
```

ENUMERATED \{enabled\}

\begin{tabular}{ll} 
OPTIONAL, & -- Need. S \\
OPTIONAL, & -- Need. S \\
OPTIONAL, & -- Need. S \\
OPTIONAL, & -- Need. S \\
OPTIONAL, & -- Need. S \\
OPTIONAL, & -- Need. M
\end{tabular}

OPTIONAL -- Need R

ETSI