<!-- Page 975 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
974
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

thresholdPercentageT310
This field indicates the threshold for the ratio in percentage between the elapsed T310 timer and the configured value of the T310 timer. Value p40 corresponds to 40\%, value p60 corresponds to 60\% and so on. This field is set in the otherConfig configured by the source cell of the handover.
thresholdPercentageT312
This field indicates the threshold for the ratio in percentage between the elapsed T312 timer and the configured value(s) of the T312 timer. Value p20 corresponds to \( 20 \% \), value p40 corresponds to 40\% and so on. This field is set in the otherConfig configured by the source cell of the handover.
ul-GapFR2-PreferenceConfig
Indicates whether UE is configured to request for FR2 UL gap activation/deactivation and preferred FR2 UL gap pattern.

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline maxBW & This field is optionally present, need R, if maxBW-PreferenceConfig-r16 is setup; otherwise it is absent, need R. \\
\hline maxMIMO & This field is optionally present, need R, if maxMIMO-LayerPreferenceConfig-r16 is setup; otherwise it is absent, need R. \\
\hline minOffset & This field is optionally present, need R, if minSchedulingOffsetPreferenceConfig-r16 is setup; otherwise it is absent, need R. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- PhysCellidUTRA-FDD

The IE PhysCellIdUTRA-FDD is used to indicate the physical layer identity of the cell, i.e the primary scrambling code, as defined in TS 25.331 [45].
PhysCellldUTRA-FDD information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-PHYSCELLIDUTRA-FDD-START

PhysCellIdUTRA-FDD-rl6 : := INTEGER (0. .5l1)
-- TAG-PHYSCELLIDUTRA-FDD-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
- \( \quad \) RRC-Transaction/dentifier

The IE RRC-TransactionIdentifier is used, together with the message type, for the identification of an RRC procedure (transaction).
RRC-Transaction/dentifier information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-RRC-TRANSACTIONIDENTIFIER-START
RRC-TransactionIdentifier : : INTEGER (0.3)
-- TAG-RRC-TRANSACTIONIDENTIFIER-STOP
-- ASNISTOP

ETSI