<!-- Page 1052 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1051
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

maxNrofCandidateBeams
maxNrofCandidateBeams-rl6
maxNrofCandidateBeamsExt-rl6
maxNrofPCIsPerSMTC
maxNrofQFIs
maxNrofResourceAvailabilityPerCombination-rl6 INTEGER ::= 256
maxNrOfSemi PersistentPUSCH-Triggers
maxNrofSR-Resources
maxNrofSlotFormatsPerCombination
maxNrofSpatialRelationInfos
maxNrofSpatialRelationInfos-plus-l
maxNrofSpatialRelationInfos-rl6
maxNrofSpatialRelationInfosDiff-rl6
maxNrofIndexesToReport
maxNrofIndexesToReport2
maxNrofSSBs-rl6
maxNrofSSBs-1
maxNrofS-NSSAI
maxNrofTCI-StatesPDCCH
maxNrofTCI-States
maxNrofTCI-States-1
maxULTCI-rl7
maxULTCI-l-rl7
maxNrofAdditionalPCI-rl7
maxNrofAdditionalPCI-l-rl7
maxMPE-Resources-rl7
maxNrofUL-Allocations
maxQPI
maxRA-CSIRS-Resources
maxRA-OccasionsPerCSIRS
maxRA-Occasions-l
maxRA-SSB-Resources
maxSCSs
maxSecondaryCellGroups
maxNrofServingCellseUTRA
maxMBSFN-Allocations
maxNrofMultiBands
maxCellSFTD
maxReportConfigId.
maxNrofCodebooks
maxNrofCSI-RS-ResourcesExt-rl6
maxNrofCSI-RS-ResourcesExt-rl7
maxNrofCSI-RS-Resources
maxNrofCSI-RS-ResourcesAlt-rl6
maxNrofCSI-RS-ResourcesAlt-l-rl6
maxNrofSRI-PUSCH-Mappings
maxNrofSRI-PUSCH-Mappings-1
maxSIB
maxSI-Message
maxSI-MessagePlusl-rl7
maxPO-perPF
maxPEI-perPF-rl7
maxAccessCat-l
maxBarringInfoSet
INTEGER : := 16
INTEGER : := 64
INTEGER : := 48
INTEGER : := 64
INTEGER : := 64

INTEGER ::= 256
INTEGER : := 8
INTEGER : := 9
INTEGER : := 64

INTEGER ::= 32
INTEGER : := 64

INTEGER ::= 64

INTEGER ::= 63
INTEGER : := 96

INTEGER ::= 64
INTEGER : := 5
INTEGER ::= 3
INTEGER : := 32
INTEGER : := 8
INTEGER : := 8

INTEGER : := 64

INTEGER : := 16
INTEGER : := 15
6

INTEGER ::= 64 -- Maximum number of triggers for semi persistent reporting on PUSCH
INTEGER ::=8 -- Maximum number of SR resources per BWP in a cell.

INTEGER : 56 -- Difference between maxNrofSpatialRelationInfos-rl6 and maxNrofSpatialRelationInfos

INTEGER : := 64 -- Maximum number of SSB resources in a resource set.
INTEGER ::= 63 -- Maximum number of SSB resources in a resource set minus 1.
INTEGER ::=8 -- Maximum number of S-NSSAI.

INTEGER : := 128 -- Maximum number of TCI states.
INTEGER ::= 127 -- Maximum number of TCI states minus 1.
INTEGER ::= 64 -- Maximum number of TCI states.
INTEGER ::= 63 -- Maximum number of TCI states minus 1.
INTEGER ::=7 -- Maximum number of additional PCI
INTEGER ::= 6 -- Maximum number of additional PCI minus 1.
INTEGER ::= 64 -- Maximum number of pooled MPE resources
INTEGER ::= 16 -- Maximum number of PUSCH time domain resource allocations.

INTEGER ::=64 -- Maximum number of RA occasions for one CSI-RS
INTEGER : := 511 -- Maximum number of RA occasions in the system

INTEGER : := 3 -- Maximum number of cells for SFTD reporting
INTEGER : := 16 -- Maximum number of codebooks supported by the UE
INTEGER : := 16 -- Maximum number of codebook resources supported by the UE for eType2/Codebook combo
INTEGER : : 8 -- Maximum number of codebook resources for fetype2Rankl and fetype2Rank2
INTEGER : :=7 -- Maximum number of codebook resources supported by the UE
INTEGER ::= 512 -- Maximum number of alternative codebook resources supported by the UE
INTEGER : : 511 -- Maximum number of alternative codebook resources supported by the UE minus 1

INTEGER::= 32 -- Maximum number of SIBs
INTEGER: : 32 -- Maximum number of SI messages
INTEGER: := 33 -- Maximum number of SI messages plus 1
INTEGER ::= 4 -- Maximum number of paging occasion per paging frame
INTEGER ::=4 -- Maximum number of PEI occasion per paging frame
INTEGER ::= 63 -- Maximum number of Access Categories minus 1
INTEGER : := 8 -- Maximum number of access control parameter sets
-- Max number of PRACH-ResourceDedicatedBER in BFR config.
-- Max number of candidate beam resources in BFR config.
-- Max number of PRACH-ResourceDedicatedBFR in the CandidateBeamRSListExt
-- Maximum number of PCIs per SMTC.
DOCIs per SMIN.
-- Maximum number of triggers for semi persistent reporting on PUSCH
-- Maximum number of SR resources per BWP in a cell.
-- Maximum number of SSB resources in a resource set minus 1.
-- Maximum number of S-NSSAI.
-- Maximum number of TCI states.
-- Maximum number of TCI states minus 1.
-- Maximum number of TCI states.
-- Maximum number of TCI states minus 1.
-- Maximum number of additional PCI
-- Maximum number of additional PCI minus l.
-- Maximum number of pooled MPE resources
-- Maximum number of PUSCH time domain resource allocations.
-
-- Maximum number of codebooks supported by the UE
-- Maximum number of codebook resources supported by the UE for eType2/co
-- Maximum number of codebook resources supported by the UE
-- Maximum number of alternative codebook resources supported by the UE
-- Maximum number of alternative codebook resources supported by the UE minus l
-- Maximum number of SIBs
-- Maximum number of SI messages
-- Maximum number of SI messages plus 1
-- Maximum number of paging occasion per paging fra
-- Maximum number of Access Categories minus l

ETSI