<!-- Page 174 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
173
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
SFN \( \bmod T=( \) FLOOR (Offset/10));
if the Periodicity is larger than \( s f 5 \) :
    subframe \( = \) Offset \( \bmod 10 \);
else:
    subframe \( = \) Offset or \( ( \) Offset +5\( ) \);
with \( T=\operatorname{CEIL}( \) Periodicity/10).
```


If \( \operatorname{smtc} 2 \) is present, for cells indicated in the pci-List parameter in smtc2 in the same MeasObjectNR, the UE shall setup an additional SS/PBCH block measurement timing configuration (SMTC) in accordance with the received periodicity parameter in the smtc 2 configuration and use the Offset (derived from parameter periodicityAndOffset) and duration parameter from the smtcl configuration. The first subframe of each SMTC occasion occurs at an SFN and subframe of the NR SpCell meeting the above condition.

If \( s m t c 2-L P \) is present, for cells indicated in the pci-List parameter in \( s m t c 2-L P \) in the same frequency (for intra frequency cell reselection) or different frequency (for inter frequency cell reselection), the UE shall setup an additional SS/PBCH block measurement timing configuration (SMTC) in accordance with the received periodicity parameter in the smtc2-LP configuration and use the Offset (derived from parameter periodicityAndOffset) and duration parameter from the smtc configuration for that frequency. The first subframe of each SMTC occasion occurs at an SFN and subframe of the NR SpCell or serving cell (for cell reselection) meeting the above condition.

If smtc3list is present, for cells indicated in the pci-List parameter in each SSB-MTC3 element of the list in the same MeasObjectNR, the IAB-MT shall setup an additional SS block measurement timing configuration in accordance with the received periodicityAndOffset parameter (using same condition as smtcl to identify the SFN and the subframe for SMTC occasion) in each SSB-MTC3 configuration and use the duration and ssb-ToMeasure parameters from each SSB-MTC3 configuration.

On the indicated ssbFrequency, the UE shall not consider SS/PBCH block transmission in subframes outside the SMTC occasion for RRM measurements based on SS/PBCH blocks and for RRM measurements based on CSI-RS except for SFTD measurement (see TS 38.133 [14], clause 9.3.8).
5.5.2.10a RSSI measurement timing configuration

The UE shall setup the RSSI measurement timing configuration (RMTC) in accordance with the received rmtcPeriodicity and, if configured, with rmtc-SubframeOffset i.e. the first symbol of each RMTC occasion occurs at first symbol of an SFN and subframe of the NR SpCell meeting the following condition:
```
\( \mathrm{SFN} \bmod T=\mathrm{FLOOR}( \) mtc-SubframeOffset/10);
subframe \( = \) rmtc-SubframeOffset \( \bmod 10 \);
with \( T= \) rmtc-Periodicity/ 10 ;
```


On the frequency configured by rmtc-Frequency, the UE shall not consider RSSI measurements outside the configured RMTC occasion which lasts for measDurationSymbols for RSSI and channel occupancy measurements.

The UE derives the RSSI measurement duration from a combination of measDurationSymbols and ref-SCS-CP. At least for RSSI measurement confined within the active DL BWP, the UE performs RSSI measurement using the numerology of the active DL BWP during the derived measurement duration. Otherwise, the numerology used by the UE for measurements is up to UE implementation. If configured, the UE performs RSSI measurements on a bandwidth in accordance with the received \( r m t c \)-Bandwidth.
5.5.2.11 Measurement gap sharing configuration

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) if gapSharingFRI is set to setup:
\( 2> \) if an FR1 measurement gap sharing configuration configured by gapSharingFRI is already setup:
\( 3> \) release the FR1 measurement gap sharing configuration configured by gapSharingFRI;

ETSI