<!-- Page 667 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
666
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

PDSCH-Config field descriptions
antennaPortsFieldPresenceDCI-1-2
Configure the presence of "Antenna ports" field in DCI format 1_2. When the field is configured, then the "Antenna ports" field is present in DCI format 1_2. Otherwise, the field size is set to 0 for DCI format \( 1 \_2 \) (See TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1.1.3). If neither dmrs-DowninkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA-DCI-1-2 nor dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeB-DCI-1-2 is configured, this field is absent.
aperiodic-ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSetsToAddModList, aperiodic-ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSetsToAddModListDCI-1-2
AddMod/Release lists for configuring aperiodically triggered zero-power CSI-RS resource sets. Each set contains a ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet/d and the IDs of one or more ZP-CSI-RS-Resources (the actual resources are defined in the \( 2 p \)-CSI-RS-ResourceToAddModList). The network configures the UE with at most 3 aperiodic ZP-CSI-RSResourceSets and it uses only the ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSettd 1 to 3 . The network triggers a set by indicating its ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSettd in the DCI payload. The DCI codepoint '01' triggers the resource set with ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet/d 1, the DCI codepoint '10' triggers the resource set with ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet/d 2, and the DCI codepoint '11' triggers the resource set with ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet/d 3 (see TS 38.214 [19], clause 5.1.4.2). The field aperiodic-ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSetsToAddModList applies to DCI format 1_1 and the field aperiodic-ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSets ToAddModListDCI-1-2 applies to DCI format \( 1 \_2 \) (see TS 38.214 [19], clause 5.1.4.2 and TS 38.212 [17] clause 7.3.1).
beamAppTime
Indicates the first slot to apply the unified TCI indicated by DCI as specified in TS 38.214 Clause 5.1.5. The value n1 means 1 symbol, n2 two symbols and so on. The first slot is at least \( Y \) symbols indicated by beamAppTime parameter after the last symbol of the acknowledgment of the joint or separate DLUL beam indication. The same value shall be configured for all serving cells in any one of the simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateListN configured in IE CellGroupConfig based on the smallest SCS of the active BWP.
dataScramblingidentityPDSCH, dataScramblingidentityPDSCH2
Identifier(s) used to initialize data scrambling (c_init) for PDSCH as specified in TS 38.211 [16], clause 7.3.1.1. The dataScrambling/dentityPDSCH2 is configured if coresetPoollndex is configured with 1 for at least one CORESET in the same BWP.
di-OrJoint-TCIState-ToAddModList
A list of Transmission Configuration Indicator (TCI) states indicating a transmission configuration which includes QCL-relationships between the DL RSs in one RS set and the PDSCH DMRS ports (see TS 38.214 [19], clause 5.1.5).
dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA, dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA-DCI-1-2
DMRS configuration for PDSCH transmissions using PDSCH mapping type A (chosen dynamically via PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation). Only the fields dmrs-Type, dmrs-AdditionalPosition and maxLength may be set differently for mapping type A and B. The field dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA applies to DCI format 1_1 and the field dmrs-DowninkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA-DCI-1-2 applies to DCI format \( 1 \_2 \) (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1).
dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeB, dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeB-DCI-1-2
DMRS configuration for PDSCH transmissions using PDSCH mapping type B (chosen dynamically via PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation). Only the fields dmrs-Type, dmrs-AdditionalPosition and maxLength may be set differently for mapping type A and B. The field dmrs-DownilikForPDSCH-MappingTypeB applies to DCI format 1_1 and the field dmrs-DownilikForPDSCH-MappingTypeB-DCI-1-2 applies to DCI format 1 _ 2 (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1).
dmrs-FD-OCC-DisabledForRank1-PDSCH
If configured, the UE may assume that the set of remaining orthogonal antenna ports, which are within the same code division multiplexing (CDM) group and have different frequency domain orthogonal cover codes (FD-OCC), are not associated with the PDSCH of another UE (see TS 38.214 [19], clause 5.1.6.2). It is applicable for PDSCH SCS of 480 and 960 kHz when rank 1 PDSCH with type-1 or type-2 DMRS is scheduled.
dmrs-SequencelnitializationDCI-1_2
Configure whether the field "DMRS Sequence Initialization" is present or not in DCI format 1_2 If the field is absent, then the UE applies the value of 0 bit for the field "DMRS Sequence Initialization" in DCI format 1_2. If the field is present, then the UE applies the value of 1 bit as in DCI format 1 _ 2 (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1).
harq-ProcessNumberSizeDCI-1-2
Configure the number of bits for the field "HARQ process number" in DCI format 1_2 (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1).
maxMMMO-Layers
Indicates the maximum number of MIMO layers to be used for PDSCH in this DL BWP. If not configured, the UE uses the maxMIMO-Layers configuration in IE PDSCHServingCellConfig of the serving cell to which this BWP belongs, when the UE operates in this BWP. The value of maxMIMO-Layers for a DL BWP shall be smaller than or equal to the value of maxMIMO-Layers configured in IE PDSCH-ServingCellConfig of the serving cell to which this BWP belongs.
For MBS multicast, indicates the maximum number of MIMO layers to be used for group-common PDSCH of MBS multicast in this CFR. If not configured for CFR, the UE applies value 1. The value of maxMIMO-Layers for a CFR shall be smaller than or equal to the value of maxMIMO-Layers configured in PDSCH-ServingCellConfig IE of the serving cell to which this CFR belongs.

ETSI