<!-- Page 558 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
557
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline SubgroupConfig field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
subgroupsNumPerPO \\
Total number of subgroups per Paging Occasion (PO) for UE to read subgroups indication from physical-layer signaling The field represents the sum of CN-assigned and UEID-based subgroups supported by the network.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
subgroupsNumForUEID \\
Number of subgroups per Paging Occasion (PO) for UE to read subgroups indication from physical-layer signaling, for UEID-based subgrouping method. When present, the field is set to an integer smaller than or equal to subgroupsNumPerPOs. subgroupsNumPerPO equals to subgroupsNumForUEID when the network does not support CNassigned subgrouping. The field is absent when the network does not support UEID-based subgrouping. Both this field and subgroupsNumPerPO are equal to 1 when the network does not support subgrouping.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline SharedSpectrum2 & The field is optional present, Need R, if this cell operates with shared spectrum channel access. Otherwise, it is absent, Need R. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- DownlinkPreemption

The IE DownlinkPreemption is used to configure the UE to monitor PDCCH for the INT-RNTI (interruption).
DownlinkPreemption information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-DOWNLINKPREEMPTION-START
DownlinkPreemption ::= SEQUENCE {
    int-RNTI
    timeFrequencySet
    dci-PayloadSize INTEGER (O..maxINT-DCI-PayloadSize),
    int-ConfigurationPerServingCell SEQUENCE (SIZE (l..maxNrofServingCells)) OF INT-ConfigurationPerServingCell,
    ...
}
INT-ConfigurationPerServingCell ::= SEQUENCE {
    servingCellId ServCellIndex,
    positionInDCI INTEGER (O..maxINT-DCI-PayloadSize-1)
}
-- TAG-DOWNLINKPREEMPTION-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


ETSI