<!-- Page 1147 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1146
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
A. 3 PDU specification
A.3.1 General principles
A.3.1.1 ASN.1 clauses

The RRC PDU contents are formally and completely described using abstract syntax notation (ASN.1), see X. 680 [6], X.681 [7].
The complete ASN. 1 code is divided into a number of ASN. 1 clauses in the specifications. In order to facilitate the extraction of the complete ASN. 1 code from the specification, each ASN. 1 clause begins with the following:
- a first text paragraph consisting entirely of an ASN.I start tag, which consists of a double hyphen followed by a single space and the text string "ASN1START" (in all upper case letters);
- a second text paragraph consisting entirely of a block start tag is included, which consists of a double hyphen followed by a single space and the text string "TAG-NAME-START" (in all upper case letters), where the "NAME" refers to the main name of the paragraph (in all upper-case letters).

Similarly, each ASN-1 clause ends with the following:
- a first text paragraph consisting entirely of a blockstop tag, which consists of a double hyphen followed by a single space and the text string "TAG-NAME-STOP" (in all upper-case letters), where the "NAME" refers to the main name of the paragraph (in all upper-case letters);
- a second text paragraph consisting entirely of an ASN.I stop tag, which consists of a double hyphen followed by a singlespace and the text "ASN1STOP" (in all upper case letters).

This results in the following tags:
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-NAME-START
-- TAG-NAME-STOP
-- ASNISTOP

The text paragraphs containing either of the start and stop tags should not contain any ASN. 1 code significant for the complete description of the RRC PDU contents. The complete ASN. 1 code may be extracted by copying all the text paragraphs between an ASN. 1 start tag and the following ASN. 1 stop tag in the order they appear, throughout the specification.

NOTE: A typical procedure for extraction of the complete ASN1 code consists of a first step where the entire RRC PDU contents description (ultimately the entire specification) is saved into a plain text (ASCII) file format, followed by a second step where the actual extraction takes place, based on the occurrence of the ASN. 1 start and stop tags.

ETSI