<!-- Page 108 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
107
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\( 1> \) else (full configuration after re-establishment or during RRC resume):
2 if the UE is connected with a L2 U2N Relay UE via the PC5-RRC connection (i.e the UE is a L2 U2N Remote UE):

3> use values for timers T300, T301 and T319 as included in ue-TimersAndConstants-RemoteUE received in SIBI;

3> use value for timer T311, as included in ue-TimersAndConstants received in SIBI
\( 2> \) else:
3> use values for timers T301, T310, T311 and constants N310, N311, as included in ueTimersAndConstants received in SIB1;

1> if no measConfigAppLayerId is included:
\( 2> \) inform upper layers about the release of all application layer measurement configurations;
\( 2> \) discard any received application layer measurement report from upper layers;
\( 2> \) consider itself not to be configured to send application layer measurement report.
1> apply the default L1 parameter values as specified in corresponding physical layer specifications except for the following:
- parameters for which values are provided in SIBI;
\( 1> \) apply the default MAC Cell Group configuration as specified in 9.2.2;
1> for each srb-Identity value included in the srb-ToAddModList (SRB reconfiguration):
\( 2> \) establish an RLC entity for the corresponding SRB;
\( 2> \) apply the default SRB configuration defined in 9.2.1 for the corresponding SRB;
NOTE 2: This is to get the SRBs (SRB1 and SRB2 for reconfiguration with sync and SRB2 for resume and reconfiguration after re-establishment) to a known state from which the reconfiguration message can do further configuration.

1> for each pdu-Session that is part of the current UE configuration:
\( 2> \) release the SDAP entity (clause 5.1.2 in TS 37.324 [24]);
\( 2> \) release each DRB associated to the pdu-Session as specified in 5.3.5.6.4;
NOTE 3: This will retain the pdu-Session but remove the DRBs including drb-identity of these bearers from the current UE configuration. Setup of the DRBs within the AS is described in clause 5.3.5.6.5 using the new configuration. The pdu-Session acts as the anchor for associating the released and re-setup DRB. In the AS the DRB re-setup is equivalent with a new DRB setup (including new PDCP and logical channel configurations).
\( 1> \) for each \( t m g i \) that is part of the current UE configuration:
\( 2> \) release the SDAP entity (clause 5.1.2 in TS 37.324 [24]);
\( 2> \) release each multicast MRB associated to the tmgi as specified in 5.3.5.6.6;
NOTE 4: This will retain the tmgi but remove the multicast MRBs including mrb-identity of these bearers from the current UE configuration. Setup of the multicast MRBs within the AS is described in clause 5.3.5.6.7 using the new configuration. The tmgi acts as the anchor for associating the released and re-setup multicast MRB. In the AS the multicast MRB re-setup is equivalent with a new multicast MRB setup (including new PDCP and logical channel configurations).

1> for each pdu-Session that is part of the current UE configuration but not added with same pdu-Session in the drbToAddModList:

ETSI