<!-- Page 720 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
719
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline PUSCH-TPC-CommandConfig field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
targetCell \\
The serving cell to which the acquired power control commands are applicable. If the value is absent, the UE applies the TPC commands to the serving cell on which the command has been received.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
tpc-Index \\
An index determining the position of the first bit of TPC command inside the DCI format 2-2 payload.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
tpc-IndexSUL \\
An index determining the position of the first bit of TPC command inside the DCI format 2-2 payload.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline SUL-Only & The field is optionally present, Need R, if supplementaryUplink is configured within ServingCellConfig. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline SUL & The field is optionally present, Need R, if supplementaryUplink is configured within ServingCellConfig. It is mandatory present otherwise. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- \( \quad \) Q-OffsetRange

The IE Q-OffsetRange is used to indicate a cell, beam or measurement object specific offset to be applied when evaluating candidates for cell re-selection or when evaluating triggering conditions for measurement reporting. The value is in dB . Value \( d B-24 \) corresponds to \( -24 \mathrm{~dB}, d B-22 \) corresponds to -22 dB and so on.

Q-OffsetRange information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-OP-OFFSETRANGE-START
Q-OffsetRange : :=
ENUMERATED [
\( d B-24, d B-22, d B-20, d B-18, d B-16, d B-14 \),
dB-12, dB-10, dB-8, dB-6, dB-5, dB-4, dB-3,
\( d B-2, d B-1, d B 0, d B 1, d B 2, d B 3, d B 4, d B 5 \),
dB6, dB8, dBl0, dBl2, dBl4, dBl6, dBl8,
dB20, dB22, dB24\}
-- TAG-Q-OFFSETRANGE-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
- Q-Qua/Min

The IE Q-QualMin is used to indicate for cell selection/ re-selection the required minimum received RSRQ level in the (NR) cell. Corresponds to parameter Qqualmn in TS 38.304 [20]. Actual value \( \mathrm{Q}_{\text {qualmn }}= \) field value \( [\mathrm{dB}] \).

Q-Qua/Min information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-Q-QUALMIN-START

ETSI