<!-- Page 497 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
496
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline BWP-Reconfig & The field is optionally present, Need N, if the BWPs are reconfigured or if serving cells are added or removed. Otherwise it is absent. \\
\hline DirectTolndirect-PathSwitch & The field is mandatory present at path switch to the target L2 U2N Relay UE, need N. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline DRX-Config2 & The field is optionally present, Need N, if drx-ConfigSecondaryGroup is configured. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline PreConfigMG & The field is optionally present, Need R, if there is at least one per UE gap configured with preConfigind or there is at least one per FR gap of the same FR which the SCell belongs to and configured with preConfigind. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline ReconfWithSync & \begin{tabular}{l}
The field is mandatory present in the RRCReconfiguration message: \\
- in each configured CellGroupConfig for which the SpCell changes, \\
- in the masterCellGroup: \\
- at change of AS security key derived from \( \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gnb}} \), \\
- in an RRCReconfiguration message contained in a DLinformationTransferMRDC message, \\
- path switch to the target PCell for a L2 U2N Remote UE, \\
- path switch to the target L2 U2N Relay UE, \\
- in the secondaryCellGroup at: \\
- PSCell addition, \\
- SCG resume with NR-DC or (NG)EN-DC, \\
- update of required SI for PSCell, \\
- change of AS security key derived from S-KgNB in NR-DC while the UE is configured with at least one radio bearer with keyToUse set to secondary and that is not released by this RRCReconfiguration message, \\
- MN handover in (NG)EN-DC. \\
Otherwise, it is optionally present, need M . The field is absent in the masterCellGroup in RRCResume and RRCSetup messages and is absent in the masterCellGroup in RRCReconfiguration messages if source configuration is not released during DAPS handover.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline SCellAdd & The field is mandatory present upon SCell addition; otherwise it is absent, Need M. \\
\hline SCellAddMod & The field is mandatory present upon SCell addition; otherwise it is optionally present, need M. \\
\hline SCellAddSync & The field is optionally present, Need N , in case of SCell addition, reconfiguration with sync, and resuming an RRC connection. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline SCG & The field is mandatory present in an SpCellConfig for the PSCell. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

NOTE: In case of change of AS security key derived from S- \( \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} / \mathrm{S}-\mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{eNB}} \), if reconfiguration WithSync is not included in the masterCellGroup, the network releases all existing MCG RLC bearers associated with a radio bearer with keyToUse set to secondary. In case of change of AS security key derived from \( \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} / \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{eNB}} \), if reconfigurationWithSync is not included in the secondaryCellGroup, the network releases all existing SCG RLC bearers associated with a radio bearer with keyToUse set to primary.
- CellGroupld

The IE CellGroupld is used to identify a cell group. Value 0 identifies the master cell group. Other values identify secondary cell groups. In this version of the specification only values 0 and 1 are supported.

CellGroupld information element

-- ASNISTART
ETSI