<!-- Page 808 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
807
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

ssb-PositionsinBurst
For operation in licensed spectrum, indicates the time domain positions of the transmitted SS-blocks in a half frame with SS/PBCH blocks as defined in TS 38.213 [13], clause 4.1. The first/leftmost bit corresponds to SS/PBCH block index 0 , the second bit corresponds to SS/PBCH block index 1, and so on. Value 0 in the bitmap indicates that the corresponding SS/PBCH block is not transmitted while value 1 indicates that the corresponding SS/PBCH block is transmitted. The network configures the same pattern in this field as in the corresponding field in ServingCellConfigCommonSIB.
For operation with shared spectrum channel access, the UE assumes that one or more SS/PBCH blocks indicated by ssb-PositionsinBurst may be transmitted within the discovery burst transmission window and have candidate SS/PBCH blocks indexes corresponding to SS/PBCH block indexes provided by ssb-Positions/nBurst (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 4.1). If the k -th bit of ssb-PositionsinBurst is set to 1 , the UE assumes that one or more SS/PBCH blocks within the discovery burst transmission window with candidate SS/PBCH block indexes corresponding to SS/PBCH block index equal to \( \mathrm{k}-1 \) may be transmitted; if the kt -th bit is set to 0 , the UE assumes that the corresponding SS/PBCH block(s) are not transmitted. The k -th bit is set to 0 , where \( \mathrm{k}> \) ssb-PositionQCL and the number of actually transmitted SS/PBCH blocks is not larger than the number of 1's in the bitmap. The network configures the same pattern in this field as in the corresponding field in ServingCellConfigCommonS/B. For operation with shared spectrum channel access in FR1, only mediumBitmap is used, and for FR2-2, longBitmap is used.
ssbSubcarrierSpacing
Subcarrier spacing of SSB.
Only the following values are applicable depending on the used frequency:
FR1: 15 or 30 kHz
FR2-1: 120 or 240 kHz
FR2-2: 120,480 , or 960 kHz
supplementaryUplinkConfig
The network configures this field only if uplinkConfigCommon is configured. If this field is absent, the UE shall release the supplementaryUplinkConfig and the supplementaryUplink configured in ServingCellConfig of this serving cell, if configured.
tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon
A cell-specific TDD UL/DL configuration, see TS 38.213 [13], clause 11.1.

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline AbsFreqSSB & The field is absent when absoluteFrequencySSB in frequencyInfoDL is absent, otherwise the field is mandatory present. \\
\hline HOAndServCellAdd & This field is mandatory present upon SpCell change and upon serving cell (PSCell/SCell) addition. Otherwise, the field is absent. \\
\hline HOAndServCellWithSSB & This field is mandatory present upon SpCell change and upon serving cell (SCell with SSB or PSCell) addition. Otherwise, the field is absent. \\
\hline SharedSpectrum & This field is mandatory present if this cell operates with shared spectrum channel access in FR1. Otherwise, it is absent, Need R. \\
\hline SharedSpectrum2 & This field is optionally present if this cell operates with shared spectrum channel access in FR2-2. Otherwise, it is absent, Need R. \\
\hline TDD & The field is optionally present, Need R, for TDD cells; otherwise it is absent. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- ServingCellConfigCommonSIB

The IE ServingCellConfigCommonSIB is used to configure cell specific parameters of a UE's serving cell in SIB1.
ServingCel/ConfigCommonSIB information element

-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SERVINGCELLCONFIGCOMMONSIB-START
ETSI