<!-- Page 1073 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1072
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Timer & Start & Stop & At expiry \\
\hline T300 & Upon transmission of RRCSetupRequest. & Upon reception of RRCSetup or RRCReject message, cell reselection, the (re)selected L2 U2N Relay UE becomes unsuitable, and upon abortion of connection establishment by upper layers. & Perform the actions as specified in 5.3.3.7. \\
\hline T301 & Upon transmission of RRCReestabilshmentRe quest & Upon reception of RRCReestablishment or RRCSetup message as well as when the selected cell becomes unsuitable or the (re)selected L2 U2N Relay UE becomes unsuitable. & Go to RRC_IDLE \\
\hline T302 & Upon reception of RRCReject while performing RRC connection establishment or resume, upon reception of RRCRelease with waitTime. & Upon entering RRC_CONNECTED or RRC_IDLE, upon cell reselection, upon cell change due to relay (re)selection, and upon reception of RRCReject message. & Inform upper layers about barring alleviation as specified in 5.3.14.4 \\
\hline T304 & Upon reception of RRCReconfiguration message including reconfigurationWithSync for the MCG, or upon reception of RRCReconfiguration message including reconfigurationWithSync for the SCG not indicated as deactivated in the NR or E-UTRA message containing the RRCReconfiguration message or upon conditional reconfiguration execution i.e. when applying a stored RRCReconfiguration message including reconfigurationWithSync. & Upon successful completion of random access on the corresponding SpCell For T304 of SCG, upon SCG release & \begin{tabular}{l}
For T304 of MCG, in case of the handover from NR or intra-NR handover, initiate the RRC reestablishment procedure; In case of handover to NR, perform the actions defined in the specifications applicable for the source RAT. If any DAPS bearer is configured and if there is no RLF in source PCell, initiate the failure information procedure. \\
For T304 of SCG, inform network about the reconfiguration with sync failure by initiating the SCG failure information procedure as specified in 5.7.3.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI