<!-- Page 1116 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1115
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Source RAT & NR capabilities & E-UTRA capabilities & MR-DC capabilities & UTRA capabilities \\
\hline NR & May be included if UE Radio Capability ID as specified in 23.502 [43] is used for the UE. Included otherwise. & May be included & May be included & May be included, ignored by gNB if received \\
\hline E-UTRAN & May be included if UE Radio Capability ID as specified in 23.502 [43] is used for the UE. Included otherwise. & May be included & May be included & May be included, ignored by gNB if received \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{NOTE 2: The following table indicates, in case of inter-RAT handover from E-UTRA, which additional IEs are included or not:}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Source system & sourceConfig & rrm-Config & as-Context \\
\hline E-UTRA/EPC & Not included & May be included & Not included \\
\hline E-UTRA/5GC & May be included, but only radioBearerConfig is included in the RRCReconfiguration. & May be included & Not included \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
- CG-Config

This message is used to transfer the SCG radio configuration as generated by the SgNB or SeNB. It can also be used by a CU to request a DU to perform certain actions, e.g. to request the DU to perform a new lower layer configuration.

Direction: Secondary gNB or eNB to master gNB or eNB, alternatively CU to DU.
CG-Config message
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-CG-CONFIG-START
CG-Config ::= SEQUENCE \
    criticalExtensions CHOICE \
        cl CHOICEl
            cg-Config CG-Config-IEs,
            spare3 NULL, spare2 NULL, sparel NULL
        },
        criticalExtensionsFuture SEQUENCE {}
    }
}
CG-Config-IEs ::=
    scg-CellGroupConfig
    scg-RB-Config
    configRestrictModReq
    drx-InfoSCG
    candidateCellInfoListSN
    measConfigSN
    selectedBandCombination
    fr-InfolistSCG
```


ETSI