<!-- Page 510 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
509
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- ConditionalReconfiguration

The IE ConditionalReconfiguration is used to add, modify and release the configuration of conditional reconfiguration.
Conditiona/Reconfiguration information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-CONDITIONALRECONFIGURATION-START
ConditionalReconfiguration-rl6 ::= SEQUENCE {
    attemptCondReconfig-rl6 ENUMERATED {true} OPTIONAL, -- COND CHO
    condReconfigToRemoveList-rl6 CondReconfigToRemoveList-rl6 OPTIONAL, -- Need. N
    condReconfigToAddModList-r16 CondReconfigToAddModList-r16 OPTIONAL, -- Need. N
    ...
}
CondReconfigToRemoveList-r16 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxNrofCondCells-rl6)) OF CondReconfigId-rl6
-- TAG-CONDITIONALRECONFIGURATION-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline ConditionalReconfiguration field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
attemptCondReconfig \\
If present, the UE shall perform conditional reconfiguration if selected cell is a target candidate cell and it is the first cell selection after failure as described in clause 5.3.7.3.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
condReconfigToAddModList \\
List of the configuration of candidate SpCells to be added or modified for CHO, CPA or CPC.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
condReconfigToRemoveList \\
List of the configuration of candidate SpCells to be removed.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Conditional Presence } & \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Explanation } \\
\hline CHO & \begin{tabular}{l} 
The field is optional present, Need R, if the UE is configured with at least a candidate SpCell for CHO. Otherwise the field is \\
not present.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- ConfiguredGrantConfig

The IE ConfiguredGrantConfig is used to configure uplink transmission without dynamic grant according to two possible schemes. The actual uplink grant may either be configured via RRC (typel) or provided via the PDCCH (addressed to CS-RNTI) (type2). Multiple Configured Grant configurations may be configured in one BWP of a serving cell.

ConfiguredGrantConfig information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-CONFIGUREDGRANTCONFIG-START
ConfiguredGrantConfig ::= SEQUENCE l

ETSI