<!-- Page 608 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
607
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline SSB-PositionQCL-CellsToAddMod field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
physCellld \\
Physical cell identity of a cell in the cell list.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
ssb-PositionQCL \\
Indicates the QCL relation between SS/PBCH blocks for a specific cell as specified in TS 38.213 [13], clause 4.1. If provided, the cell specific value overwrites the value signalled by ssb-PositionQCL-Common.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline CSI-RS & This field is mandatory present if csi-rs-ResourceConfigMobility is configured, otherwise, it is absent. \\
\hline SSBorAssociatedSSB & This field is mandatory present if ssb-ConfigMobility is configured or associatedSSB is configured in at least one cell. Otherwise, it is absent, Need R. \\
\hline IntraFreqConnected & This field is optionally present, Need R if the UE is configured with a serving cell for which (absoluteFrequencySSB, subcarrierSpacing) in ServingCellConfigCommon is equal to (ssbFrequency, ssbSubcarrierSpacing) in this MeasObjectNR, otherwise, it is absent. \\
\hline SharedSpectrum & This field is mandatory present if this MeasObject is for a frequency which operates with shared spectrum channel access. Otherwise, it is absent, Need R. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- MeasObjectNR-SL

The IE MeasObjectNR-SL concerns a measurement object including a list of transmission resource pool(s) for which CBR measurement is performed for NR sidelink communication.

MeasObjectNR-SL information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-MEASOBJECTNR-SL-START
MeasObjectNR-SL-rl6 ::= SEQUENCE \
    tx-PoolMeasToRemoveList-rl6 Tx-PoolMeasList-rl6 OPTIONAL, Need. N
    tx-PoolMeasToAddModList-rl6 Tx-PoolMeasList-rl6 OPTIONAL -- Need N
}
Tx-PoolMeasList-rl6 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofSL-PoolToMeasureNR-r16)) OF SL-ResourcePoolID-rl6
-- TAG-MEASOBJECTNR-SL-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```

- MeasObjectRxTxDiff

The IE MeasObjectRxTxDiff is used to configure the measurement object for UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement.

ETSI