<!-- Page 1134 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1133
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline BandCombinationinfo field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
allowedFeatureSetsList \\
Defines a subset of the entries in a FeatureSetCombination. Each index identifies a position in the FeatureSetCombination, which corresponds to one \\
FeatureSetUplink/Downlink for each band entry in the associated band combination.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
bandCombinationindex \\
In case of NR-DC, this field indicates the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList. In case of NE-DC, this field indicates the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList and/or supportedBandCombinationListNEDC-Only. In case of (NG)EN-DC, this field indicates the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList and/or supportedBandCombinationList-UplinkTxSwitch. Band combination entries in supportedBandCombinationList are referred by an index which corresponds to the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList. Band combination entries in supportedBandCombinationListNEDC-Only are referred by an index which corresponds to the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationListNEDC-Only increased by the number of entries in supportedBandCombinationList. Band combination entries in supportedBandCombinationList-UplinkTxSwitch are referred by an index which corresponds to the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList-UplinkTxSwitch increased by the number of entries in supportedBand Combination List.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Explanation } \\
\hline SN-AddMod & \begin{tabular}{l} 
The field is mandatory present upon SN addition and SN change. It is optionally present upon SN modification and inter-MN handover \\
without SN change. Otherwise, the field is absent.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{NOTE 3: The following table indicates per MN RAT and SNRAT whether RAT capabilities are included or not in ue-CapabilityInfo.}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline MN RAT & SN RAT & NR capabilities & E-UTRA capabilities & MR-DC capabilities \\
\hline E-UTRA & NR & Need not be included if the UE Radio Capability ID as specified in 23.502 [43] is used. Included otherwise & Not included & Need not be included if the UE Radio Capability ID as specified in 23.502 [43] is used. Included otherwise \\
\hline NR & E-UTRA & Not included & Need not be included if the UE Radio Capability ID as specified in 23.502 [43] is used. Included otherwise & Need not be included if the UE Radio Capability ID as specified in 23.502 [43] is used. Included otherwise \\
\hline NR & NR & Need not be included if the UE Radio Capability ID as specified in 23.502 [43] is used. Included otherwise & Not included & Not included \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
- MeasurementTimingConfiguration

The MeasurementTimingConfiguration message is used to convey assistance information for measurement timing.
Direction: en-gNB to eNB, eNB to en-gNB, gNB to gNB, ng-eNB to gNB, gNB to ng-eNB, ng-eNB to ng-eNB, gNB DU to gNB CU, and gNB CU to gNB DU.
MeasurementTimingConfiguration message

-- ASNISTART
ETSI