<!-- Page 221 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
220
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
5.7.2a UL information transfer for MR-DC
5.7.2a. 1 General

Figure 5.7.2a.1-1: UL information transfer MR-DC

The purpose of this procedure is to transfer MR-DC dedicated information from the UE to the network e.g. the NR or EUTRA RRC MeasurementReport, FailureInformation, UEAssistanceInformation, RRCReconfigurationComplete or MCGFailureInformation message.
5.7.2a. 2 Initiation

A UE in RRC_CONNECTED initiates the UL information transfer for MR-DC procedure whenever there is a need to transfer MR-DC dedicated information. L.e. the procedure is not used during an RRC connection reconfiguration involving NR or E-UTRA connection reconfiguration, in which case the MR DC information is piggybacked to the RRCReconfigurationComplete message, except in the case the UE executes an intra-SN CPC.
5.7.2a. 3 Actions related to transmission of ULInformation TransferMRDC message

The UE shall set the contents of the ULInformationTransferMRDC message as follows:
\( 1> \) if there is a need to transfer MR-DC dedicated information related to NR:
\( 2> \) set the ul-DCCH-MessageNR to include the NR MR-DC dedicated information to be transferred (e.g., NR RRC MeasurementReport, UEAssistanceInformation, FailureInformation, RRCReconfigurationComplete or MCGFailureInformation message);
\( 1> \) else if there is a need to transfer MR-DC dedicated information related to E-UTRA:
\( 2> \) set the u-DCCH-MessageEUTRA to include the E-UTRA MR-DC dedicated information to be transferred (e.g., E-UTRA RRC MeasurementReport, or MCGFailureInformation message);

1> submit the ULInformationTransferMRDC message to lower layers for transmission, upon which the procedure ends.
5.7.2b UL transfer of IRAT information
5.7.2b. 1 General

Figure 5.7.2b.1-1: UL transfer of IRAT information

The purpose of this procedure is to transfer from the UE to NR MCG dedicated information terminated at the NR MCG but specified by another RAT e.g. the E-UTRA MeasurementReport message, the E-UTRA SidelinkUEInformation

ETSI