<!-- Page 453 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
452
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
S/B15

SIB15 contains configurations of disaster roaming information.
SIB15 information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SIBl5-START
SIBl5-rl7 ::= SEQUENCE [
    commonPLMNsWithDisasterCondition-rl7 SEQUENCE (SIZE (l..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity
    applicableDisasterInfoList-rl7 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF ApplicableDisasterInfo-rl7
    lateNonCriticalExtension OCTET STRING
    ...
}
ApplicableDisasterInfo-rl7 ::= CHOICE [
    noDisasterRoaming-rl7 NULL,
    oneBitApproach-rl7 NULL, -- The semantics for this approach is pending CTl progress
    commonPLMNs-rl7 NULL,
    dedicatedPLMNs-rl7 SEQUENCE (SIZE (l..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity
}
-- TAG-SIBl5-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline SIB15 field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
commonPLMNsWithDisasterCondition \\
A list of PLMN(s) with disaster conditions which can be commonly applicable to the PLMNs sharing the cell.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
applicableDisasterinfoList \\
A list indicating the applicable disaster information for the networks indicated in plmn-IdentityList and npn-IdentityList-r16. The network indicates in this list one entry for each entry of pimn-IdentityList, followed by one entry for each entry of npn-IdentifyList-r16, meaning that this list will have as many entries as the number of entries of the combination of pimn-IdentityList and npn-IdentifyList-r16. The first entry in this list indicates the disaster information applicable for the network(s) in the first entry of pimn-IdentityList/npn-IdentityList-r16, the second entry in this list indicates the disaster information applicable for the network(s) in the second entry of pimn-IdentityList/npn-IdentityList-r16, and so on. Each entry in this list can either be having the value noDisasterRoaming, oneBitApproach, commonPLMNs, or dedicatedPLMNs. If an entry in this list takes the value noDisasterRoaming, disaster roaming is not allowed for this network(s). If an entry in this list takes the value oneBitApproach, [TBD what happens]. If an entry in this list takes the value commonPLMNs, the PLMN(s) with disaster conditions indicated in the field commonPLMNsWithDisasterCondition apply for this entry. If an entry in this list contains the value dedicatedPLMNs, the listed PLMN(s) are the PLMN(s) with disaster conditions that apply to the network(s) corresponding to this entry. For SNPNs, the network indicates the value noDisasterRoaming.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- SIB16

SIB16 contains configurations of slice specific cell reselection information.

ETSI