<!-- Page 477 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
476
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
    cyclicPrefix
}
-- TAG-BWP-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline BWP field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
cyclicPrefix \\
Indicates whether to use the extended cyclic prefix for this bandwidth part. If not set, the UE uses the normal cyclic prefix. Normal CP is supported for all subcarrier spacings and slot formats. Extended CP is supported only for 60 kHz subcarrier spacing. (see TS 38.211 [16], clause 4.2). Except for SUL, the network ensures the same cyclic prefix length is used in active DL BWP and active UL BWP within a serving cell.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
locationAndBandwidth \\
Frequency domain location and bandwidth of this bandwidth part. The value of the field shall be interpreted as resource indicator value (RIV) as defined TS 38.214 [19] with assumptions as described in TS 38.213 [13], clause 12, i.e. setting \( N_{\mathrm{BWP}}^{\text {size }}=275 \). The first PRB is a PRB determined by subcarrierSpacing of this BWP and offsetToCarrier (configured in SCS-Specific Carrier contained within FrequencylnfoDL / FrequencylnfoUL / Frequency/nfoUL-SIB / FrequencylnfoDL-SIB within ServingCellConfigCommon / ServingCellConfigCommonS/B) corresponding to this subcarrier spacing. In case of TDD, a BWP-pair (UL BWP and DL BWP with the same bwp-Id) must have the same center frequency (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 12)
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
subcarrierSpacing \\
Subcarrier spacing to be used in this BWP for all channels and reference signals unless explicitly configured elsewhere. Corresponds to subcarrier spacing according to TS 38.211 [16], table 4.2-1. The value \( k H z 15 \) corresponds to \( \mu=0 \), value \( k H z 30 \) corresponds to \( \mu=1 \), and so on. \\
Only the following values are applicable depending on the used frequency: \\
FR1: 15,30 , or 60 kHz \\
FR2-1: 60 or 120 kHz \\
FR2-2: 120,480 , or 960 kHz \\
For the initial DL BWP and operation in licensed spectrum this field has the same value as the field subCarrierSpacingCommon in MIB of the same serving cell. Except for SUL, the network ensures the same subcarrier spacing is used in active DL BWP and active UL BWP within a serving cell. For the initial DL BWP and operation with shared spectrum channel access, the value of this field corresponds to the subcarrier spacing of the SSB associated to the initial DL BWP.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- BWP-Downlink

The IE BWP-Downlink is used to configure an additional downlink bandwidth part (not for the initial BWP).
BWP-Downlink information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-BWP-DOWNLINK-START
BWP-Downlink ::=
    bwp-Id.
    bwp-Common
    bwp-Dedicated
    ...
}
-- TAG-BWP-DOWNLINK-STOP
```

```
SEQUENCE {
    BWP-Id,
```

    BWP-DownlinkCommon OPTIONAL, -- Cond SetupOtherBWP
    BWP-DownlinkDedicated OPTIONAL, -- Cond SetupOtherBWP

ETSI