<!-- Page 198 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
197
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Inequality Y1-4 (Leaving condition 2)
\( M r+H y s< \) Thresh 2
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M p \) is the measurement result of the PCell, not taking into account any offsets.
Mr is the measurement result of the candidate L2 U2N Relay UE, not taking into account any offsets.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).
Thresh I is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e yl-Thresholdl as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).

Thresh 2 is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. yl-Threshold2-Relay as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this even).
\( M p \) is expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and SINR.
Mr is expressed in dBm or dB , depending on the measurement quantity of candidate L 2 U2N Relay UE.
Hys are expressed in dB.
Thresh 1 is expressed in the same unit as \( M p \).
Thresh 2 is expressed in the same unit as Mr.
5.5.4.20 Event Y2 (Candidate L2 U2N Relay UE becomes better than threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition Y2-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition Y2-2, as specified below, is fulfilled; Inequality Y2-1 (Entering condition)

Mr-Hys > Thresh2
Inequality Y2-2 (Leaving condition)
\( M r+H y s< \) Thresh 2
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
Mr is the measurement result of the candidate L2 U2N Relay UE, not taking into account any offsets.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. \( y 2 \)-Threshold-Relay as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).

Mr is expressed in dBm or dB , depending on the measurement quantity of candidate L2 U2N Relay UE.
Hys are expressed in dB.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as \( M r \).

ETSI