<!-- Page 592 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
591
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

MeasGapSharingConfig field descriptions
gapSharingFR1
Indicates the measurement gap sharing scheme that applies to the gap set via gapFR1. In (NG)EN-DC, gapSharingFR1 cannot be set up by NR RRC (i.e. only LTE RRC can configure FR1 gap sharing). In NE-DC, gapSharingFR1 can only be set up by NR RRC (i.e. LTE RRC cannot configure FR1 gap sharing). In NR-DC, gapSharingFR1 can only be set up in the measConfig associated with MCG. gapSharingFR1 can not be configured together with gapSharingUE. For the applicability of the different gap sharing schemes, see TS 38.133 [14]. Value scheme 00 corresponds to scheme " 00 ", value scheme 01 corresponds to scheme " 01 ", and so on.
gapSharingFR2
Indicates the measurement gap sharing scheme that applies to the gap set via gapFR2. In (NG)EN-DC or NE-DC, gapSharingFR2 can only be set up by NR RRC (i.e. LTE RRC cannot configure FR2 gap sharing). In NR-DC, gapSharingFR2 can only be set up by MCG in the measConfig associated with MCG. gapSharingFR2 cannot be configured together with gapSharingUE. For applicability of the different gap sharing schemes, see TS 38.133 [14]. Value scheme 00 corresponds to scheme " 00 ", value scheme01 corresponds to scheme "01", and so on.
gapSharingUE
Indicates the measurement gap sharing scheme that applies to the gap set via gapUE. In (NG)EN-DC, gapSharingUE cannot be set up by NR RRC (i.e. only LTE RRC can configure per UE gap sharing). In NE-DC, gapSharingUE can only be set up by NR RRC (i.e. LTE RRC cannot configure per UE gap sharing). In NR-DC, gapSharingUE can only be set up in the measConfig associated with MCG. If gapSharingUE is configured, then neither gapSharingFR1 nor gapSharingFR2 can be configured. For the applicability of the different gap sharing schemes, see TS 38.133 [14]. Value scheme00 corresponds to scheme "00", value scheme01 corresponds to scheme "01", and so on.
- Measid

The IE MeasId is used to identify a measurement configuration, i.e., linking of a measurement object and a reporting configuration.
Meas/d information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-MEASID-START

MeasId : : \( \quad \) INTEGER (1..maxNrofMeasId)
-- TAG-MEASID-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
- MeasIdleConfig

The IE MeasIdleConfig is used to convey information to UE about measurements requested to be done while in RRC_IDLE or RRC_INACTIVE.
Meas/d/eConfig information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-MEASIDLECONFIG-START

MeasIdleConfigSIB-rl6 ::= SEQUENCE [
⋯
\}

ETSI