<!-- Page 3 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
2
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Intellectual Property Rights

Essential patents
IPRs essential or potentially essential to normative deliverables may have been declared to ETSL. The declarations pertaining to these essential IPRs, if any, are publicly available for ETSI members and non-members, and can be found in ETSI SR 000 314: "Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs); Essential, or potentially Essential, IPRs notified to ETSI in respect of ETSI standards", which is available from the ETSI Secretariat. Latest updates are available on the ETSI Web server (https://ipr.etsi.org).

Pursuant to the ETSI Directives including the ETSI IPR Policy, no investigation regarding the essentiality of [PRs, including IPR searches, has been carried out by ETSI. No guarantee can be given as to the existence of other IPRs not referenced in ETSI SR 000314 (or the updates on the ETSI Web server) which are, or may be, or may become, essential to the present document.

Trademarks
The present document may include trademarks and/or tradenames which are asserted and/or registered by their owners. ETSI claims no ownership of these except for any which are indicated as being the property of ETSI, and conveys no right to use or reproduce any trademark and/or tradename. Mention of those trademarks in the present document does not constitute an endorsement by ETSI of products, services or organizations associated with those trademarks.

DECT \( { }^{\text {TM }} \), PLUGTESTS \( { }^{\text {TM }} \), UMTS \( { }^{\text {TM }} \) and the ETSI logo are trademarks of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members. 3GPPTM and LTETM are trademarks of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners. oneM2M \( { }^{\text {TM }} \) logo is a trademark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members and of the oneM2M Partners. GSM \( { }^{\text {® }} \) and the GSM logo are trademarks registered and owned by the GSM Association.

Legal Notice
This Technical Specification (TS) has been produced by ETSI 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP).
The present document may refer to technical specifications or reports using their 3GPP identities. These shall be interpreted as being references to the corresponding ETSI deliverables.

The cross reference between 3GPP and ETSI identities can be found under http//webapp.etsi.org/key/queryform.asp.
Modal verbs terminology
In the present document "shall", "shall not", "should", "should not", "may", "need not", "will", "will not", "can" and "cannot" are to be interpreted as described in clause 3.2 of the ETSI Drafting Rules (Verbal forms for the expression of provisions).
"must" and "must not" are NOT allowed in ETSI deliverables except when used in direct citation.

ETSI