<!-- Page 37 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
36
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- Initial AS security activation, i.e initial configuration of AS integrity protection (SRBs, DRBs) and AS ciphering (SRBs, DRBs);
- RRC connection mobility including e.g. intra-frequency and inter-frequency handover, associated AS security handling, i.e. key/algorithm change, specification of RRC context information transferred between network nodes;
- Establishment/modification/suspension/resumption/release of RBs carrying user data (DRBs/MRBs);
- Radio configuration control including e.g. assignment/modification of ARQ configuration, HARQ configuration, DRX configuration;
- In case of DC, cell management including e.g. change of PSCell, addition/modification/release of SCG cell(s);
- In case of CA, cell management including e.g. addition/modification/release of SCell(s);
- QoS control including assignment/modification of semi-persistent scheduling (SPS) configuration and configured grant configuration for DL and UL respectively, assignment/ modification of parameters for UL rate control in the UE, i.e. allocation of a priority and a prioritised bit rate (PBR) for each RB of UE and logical channel of IAB-MT.
- Recovery from radio link failure.
- Inter-RAT mobility including e.g. AS security activation, transfer of RRC context information;
- Measurement configuration and reporting:
- Establishment/modification/release of measurement configuration (e.g. intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter- RAT measurements);
- Setup and release of measurement gaps;
- Measurement reporting.
- Configuration of BAP entity and BH RLC channels for the support of IAB-node.
- Other functions including e.g. generic protocol error handling, transfer of dedicated NAS information, transfer of UE radio access capability information.
- Support of self-configuration and self-optimisation.
- Support of measurement logging and reporting for network performance optimisation, as specified in TS 37.320 [61];
- Support of transfer of application layer measurement configuration and reporting.

5 Procedures
5.1 General
5.1.1 Introduction

This clause covers the general requirements.
5.1.2 General requirements

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) process the received messages in order of reception by RRC, i.e. the processing of a message shall be completed before starting the processing of a subsequent message;

ETSI