<!-- Page 232 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
231
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

A UE capable of providing overheating assistance information in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure if it was configured to do so, upon detecting internal overheating, or upon detecting that it is no longer experiencing an overheating condition.

A UE capable of providing IDC assistance information in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure if it was configured to do so, upon detecting IDC problem if the UE did not transmit an IDC assistance information since it was configured to provide IDC indications, or upon change of IDC problem information.

A UE capable of providing its preference on DRX parameters of a cell group for power saving in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure in several cases, if it was configured to do so, including upon having a preference on DRX parameters and upon change of its preference on DRX parameters.

A UE capable of providing its preference on the maximum aggregated bandwidth of a cell group for power saving in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure in several cases, if it was configured to do so, including upon having a maximum aggregated bandwidth preference and upon change of its maximum aggregated bandwidth preference.

A UE capable of providing its preference on the maximum number of secondary component carriers of a cell group for power saving in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure in several cases, if it was configured to do so, including upon having a maximum number of secondary component carriers preference and upon change of its maximum number of secondary component carriers preference.

A UE capable of providing its preference on the maximum number of MIMO layers of a cell group for power saving in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure in several cases, if it was configured to do so, including upon having a maximum number of MIMO layers preference and upon change of its maximum number of MIMO layers preference.

A UE capable of providing its preference on the minimum scheduling offset for cross-slot scheduling of a cell group for power saving in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure in several cases, if it was configured to do so, including upon having a minimum scheduling offset preference and upon change of its minimum scheduling offset preference.

A UE capable of providing assistance information to transition out of RRC_CONNECTED state may initiate the procedure if it was configured to do so, upon determining that it prefers to transition out of RRC_CONNECTED state, or upon change of its preferred RRC state.

A UE capable of providing configured grant assistance information for NR sidelink communication in RRC_CONNECTED may initiate the procedure in several cases, including upon being configured to provide traffic pattern information and upon change of traffic patterns.

A UE capable of providing an indication of its preference in being provisioned with reference time information may initiate the procedure upon being configured to provide this indication, or if it was configured to provide this indication and upon change of its preference.

A UE capable of providing an indication of its preference in FR2 UL gap may initiate the procedure if it was configured to do so, upon detecting the need of FR2 UL gap activation/deactivation.

A UE capable of providing MUSIM assistance information may initiate the procedure if it was configured to do so, upon determining that it needs to leave RRC_CONNECTED state, or upon determining it needs the gaps, or upon change of the gap information without leaving RRC_CONNECTED state.

A UE capable of relaxing its RLM measurements of a cell group in RRC_CONNECTED state shall initiate the procedure for providing an indication of its relaxation state for RLM measurements upon being configured to do so, and upon change of its relaxation state for RLM measurements in RRC_CONNECTED state.

A UE capable of relaxing its BFD measurements in serving cells of a cell group in RRC_CONNECTED shall initiate the procedure for providing an indication of its relaxation state for BFD measurements upon being configured to do so, and upon change of its relaxation state for BFD measurements in RRC_CONNECTED state.

Editor's NOTE: How to / whether to limit or remove impact of prohibit timer w.r.t. consistency between UE relaxation state and the corresponding knowledge at gNB.

A UE capable of SDT initiates this procedure when data and/or signalling mapped to radio bearers that are not configured for SDT becomes available during SDT (i.e while T319a is running).

A UE capable of providing its preference for SCG deactivation may initiate the procedure if it was configured to do so, upon determining that it prefers or does no more prefer the SCG to be deactivated.

ETSI