<!-- Page 892 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
891
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
-- ASNISTOP
- FeatureSetEUTRA-Uplinkld

The IE FeatureSetEUTRA-Uplinkld identifies an uplink feature set in E-UTRA list (see TS 36.331 [10]. The first element in that list is referred to by FeatureSetEUTRAUplinkld \( =1 \). The FeatureSetEUTRA-Uplinkld \( =0 \) is used when the UE does not support a carrier in this band of a band combination.

FeatureSetEUTRA-Uplinkld information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-FEATURESETEUTRAUPLINKID-START
FeatureSetEUTRA-UplinkId : := INTEGER (0. maxEUTRA-UL-FeatureSets)
-- TAG-FEATURESETEUTRAUPLINKID-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
- FeatureSets

The IE FeatureSets is used to provide pools of downlink and uplink features sets. A FeatureSetCombination refers to the IDs of the feature set(s) that the UE supports in that FeatureSetCombination. The BandCombination entries in the BandCombinationList then indicate the ID of the FeatureSetCombination that the UE supports for that band combination.

The entries in the lists in this IE are identified by their index position. For example, the FeatureSetUplinkPerCC-Id \( =4 \) identifies the \( 4{ }^{\text {th }} \) element in the featureSetsUplinkPerCC list.

NOTE: When feature sets (per CC) [Es require extension in future versions of the specification, new versions of the FeatureSetDownlink, FeatureSetUplink, FeatureSets, FeatureSetDownlinkPerCC and/or FeatureSetUplinkPerCC will be created and instantiated in corresponding new lists in the FeatureSets IE. For example, if new capability bits are to be added to the FeatureSetDownlink, they will instead be defined in a new FeatureSetDownlink-rxy which will be instantiated in a new featureSetDownlinkList-rxy list. If a UE indicates in a FeatureSetCombination that it supports the FeatureSetDownlink with ID \#5, it implies that it supports both the features in FeatureSetDownlink \#5 and FeatureSetDownlink-rxy \#5 (if present). The number of entries in the new list(s) shall be the same as in the original list(s).

FeatureSets information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-FEATURESETS-START
FeatureSets : : SEQUENCE [
featureSetsDownlink
featureSetsDownlinkPerCC
featureSetsUplink
featureSetsUplinkPerCC

SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxDownlinkFeatureSets)) OF FeatureSetDownlink OPTIONAL,
SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPerCC-FeatureSets)) OF FeatureSetDownlinkPerCC OPTIONAL,
SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxUplinkFeatureSets)) OF FeatureSetUplink OPTIONAL,
SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPerCC-FeatureSets)) OF FeatureSetUplinkPerCC OPTIONAL,
⋯'
[ [

ETSI