<!-- Page 1150 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1149
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
        logicalChannelGroup
    } OPTIONAL
}
-- ASNISTOP
```

        prioritisedBitRate PrioritisedBitRate,
        bucketSizeDuration BucketSizeDuration,
```
PrioritisedBitRate,
INTEGER (0..3)
```


NOTE: All the ASN1 start tags in the ASN1 clauses, used as examples in this annex to the specification, are deliberately distorted, in order not to include them when the ASN. 1 description of the RRC PDU contents is extracted from the specification.

A reference to a specific type of information element should be made using the corresponding ASN 1 type identifier preceded by the acronym "IE", e.g., a reference to the IE LogicalChannelConfig in the example above.

References to a specific type of information element should only be used when those are generic, i.e., without regard to the particular context wherein the specific type of information element is used. If the reference is related to a particular context, e.g., an RRC PDU type (message) wherein the information element is used, the corresponding field identifier in that context should be used in the text reference.

A reference to a specific value of an ASN. 1 field should be made using the corresponding ASN. 1 value without using quotation marks around the ASN. 1 value, e.g., 'if the status field is set to value true'.
A.3.2 High-level message structure

Within each logical channel type, the associated RRC PDU (message) types are alternatives within a CHOICE, as shown in the example below.
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
DL-DCCH-Message ::= SEQUENCE {
    message DL-DCCH-MessageType
}
DL-DCCH-MessageType ::= CHOICE {
    cl CHOICE \
        dlInformationTransfer
        handoverFromEUTRAPr
        mobilityFromEUTRAComman
        rrcConnectionReconfiguration
        rrcConnectionRelease
        securityModeCommand.
        uecapabilityEnquiry UECapabilityEnquiry,
        sparel NULL
    },
    messageClassExtension SEQUENCE {}
}
-- ASNISTOP
```


ETSI