<!-- Page 192 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
191
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Ocs is the cell specific offset of the serving cell (i.e. cellndividualOffset as defined within the associated measObject \( N R \) ), and is set to zero if not configured for the serving cell.

Hys is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Off is the offset parameter for this event (i.e. a6-Offset as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
\( M n, M s \) are expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and RS-SINR.
Ocn, Ocs, Hys, Off are expressed in dB.
5.5.4.8 Event B1 (Inter RAT neighbour becomes better than threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition B1-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition B1-2, as specified below, is fulfilled.
Inequality B1-1 (Entering condition)
\( M n+O f n+O c n-H y s> \) Thresh
Inequality B1-2 (Leaving condition)
\( M n+O f n+O c n+H y s<T h r e s h \)
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M n \) is the measurement result of the inter-RAT neighbour cell, not taking into account any offsets.
Ofn is the measurement object specific offset of the frequency of the inter-RAT neighbour cell (i.e. eutra- \( Q \) OffsetRange as defined within the measObjectEUTRA corresponding to the frequency of the neighbour interRAT cell, utra-FDD-Q-OffsetRange as defined within the measObjectUTRA-FDD corresponding to the frequency of the neighbour inter-RAT cell).

Ocn is the cell specific offset of the inter-RAT neighbour cell (i.e. cellIndividualOffset as defined within the measObjectEUTRA corresponding to the neighbour inter-RAT cell), and set to zero if not configured for the neighbour cell.

Hys is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. bl-ThresholdEUTRA as defined within reportConfigInterRAT for this event, bl-ThresholdUTRA-FDD as defined for UTRA-FDD within reportConfigInterRAT for this event).
\( M n \) is expressed in dBm or in dB , depending on the measurement quantity of the inter-RAT neighbour cell.
Ofn, Ocn, Hys are expressed in dB.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as \( M n \).
5.5.4.9 Event B2 (PCell becomes worse than threshold1 and inter RAT neighbour becomes better than threshold2)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when both condition B2-1 and condition B2-2, as specified below, are fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition B2-3 or condition B2-4, i.e. at least one of the two, as specified below, is fulfilled;

Inequality B2-1 (Entering condition 1)
\( M p+H y s< \) Threshl

ETSI