<!-- Page 1168 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1167
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
-- ASNISTOP

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional presence & \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Explanation } \\
\hline ConfigF & \begin{tabular}{l} 
The field is optional present, need R, in case of chIE1-ConfigurableFeature is included and set to "setup"; otherwise the field is absent and the UE \\
shall delete any existing value for this field.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- ChildIE2-WithoutEM

The IE ChildIE2-WithoutEM is an example of a lower level IE, typically used to control certain radio configurations. The example illustrates how the new field chIEl-NewField is added in release N to the configuration of the configurable feature.

ChildIE2-WithoutEM information element
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
ChildIE2-WithoutEM ::=
    release
    setup
        -- SEQUENCE {
    }
}
ChildIE2-WithoutEM-vNxO ::= SEQUENCE {
    chIE2-NewField-rN
}
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional presence & Explanation \\
\hline ConfigF & The field is optional present, need R , in case of chIE2-ConfigurableFeature is included and set to "setup"; otherwise the field is absent and the UE shall delete any existing value for this field. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
A.4.3.6 Non-critical extensions of lists with ToAddMod/ToRelease

When the size of a list using the ToAddMod/ToRelease construction is extended and/or fields are added to the list element structure, the list should be non-critically extended in accordance with the following general principles:
- When only the size of the list is extended, this extension is reflected in a non-critical extension of the list, with a "SizeExt" suffix added to the end of the field name (before the -vNxy suffix). The differential size of the extended list uses the suffix "Diff". A new ToRelease list is needed, and its range should include only the increase in list size. In many cases, extending the list size will also require an extended list element ID type to account for the increased size of the list; in these cases the element type will need to be extended to include the extended element ID, resulting in a more complex extension (see example 3 for further discussion of this case). The field

ETSI