<!-- Page 335 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
334
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

DLDedicatedMessageSegment message
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-DLDEDICATEDMESSAGESEGMENT-START
```
DLDedicatedMessageSegment-rl6 ::=
    criticalExtensions
        dlDedicatedMessageSegment-rl6
        criticalExtensionsFuture
    }
}
DLDedicatedMessageSegment-r16-IEs ::=
    segmentNumber-rl6
    rrc-MessageSegmentContainer-r16
    rrc-MessageSegmentType-rl6
    lateNonCriticalExtension
    nonCriticalExtension
}
```

```
SEQUENCE \
    CHOICE \
        DLDedicatedMessageSegment-rl6-IEs,
        SEQUENCE {}
```

SEQUENCE 1
    INTEGER (0. . 4) ,
    OCTET STRING,
    ENUMERATED \{notLastSegment, lastSegment\},
    OCTET STRING OPTIONAL,
    SEQUENCE \{\} OPTIONAL
-- TAG-DLDEDICATEDMESSAGESEGMENT-STOP
-- ASNISTOP

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline DLDedicatedMessageSegment field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
segmentNumber \\
Identifies the sequence number of a segment within the encoded DL DCCH message. The network transmits the segments with continuously increasing segmentNumber order so that the UE's RRC layer may expect to obtain them from lower layers in the correct order. Hence, the UE is not required to perform segment re-ordering on RRC level.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
rrc-MessageSegmentContainer \\
Includes a segment of the encoded DL DCCH message. The size of the included segment in this container should be small enough so the resulting encoded RRC message PDU is less than or equal to the PDCP SDU size limit.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
rrc-MessageSegmentType \\
Indicates whether the included DL DCCH message segment is the last segment of the message or not.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- DLInformationTransfer

The DLInformationTransfer message is used for the downlink transfer of NAS dedicated information, timing information for the 5G internal system clock, or [AB-DU specific F1-C related information.

Signalling radio bearer: SRB2 or SRB1 (only if SRB2 not established yet. If SRB2 is suspended, the network does not send this message until SRB2 is resumed. If only dedicatedInfoF1c is included, SRB2 is used).

RLC-SAP: AM
Logical channel: DCCH
Direction: Network to UE

ETSI