<!-- Page 1158 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1157
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
ElementId:: INTEGER (O..maxNrofElements-l)
maxNrofElements INTEGER ::= 50
maxNrofElements-l INTEGER ::= 49
-- /example/ ASN1STOP
```


As can be seen, the elements of the list must contain an identity (INTEGER) that identifies the elements unambiguously upon addition, modification and removal. It is recommended to define an IE for that identifier (here ElementId) so that it can be used both for a field inside the element as well as in the elementsToReleaseList.

Both lists should be made OPTIONAL and flagged as "Need N". The need code reflects that the UE does not maintain the received lists as such but rather updates its configuration using the information therein. In other words, it is not possible to provide via delta signalling an update to a previously signalled elementsToAddModList or elementsToReleaseList (which Need M would imply). The update is always in relation to the UE's internal configuration.

Note that the release of a field (a list element as well as any other field) releases all its sub-fields (sub-fields configured by elementsToAddModList and any other sub-field).
If no procedural text is provided for a set of ToAddModList and ToReleaseList, the following generic procedure applies:
The UE shall:
1> for each Elementld in the elementsToReleaseList,:
\( 2> \) if the current UE configuration includes an Element with the given Elementld:
3> release the Element from the current UE configuration;
1> for each Element in the elementsToAddModList:
\( 2> \) if the current UE configuration includes an Element with the given Elementld:
3> modify the configured Element in accordance with the received Element;
\( 2> \) else:
3> add received Element to the UE configuration.
A.3.10 Guidelines on use of lists (without ToAddModList and ToReleaseList)

As per clause 6.1.3, when using lists without the ToAddModList and ToReleaseList structure, the contents of the lists are always replaced. To illustrate this, an example is provided below:
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
-- TAG EXAMPLE LISTS START
AnExampleIE ::= SEQUENCE [
```


ETSI