<!-- Page 1061 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1060
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

RemoteUEInformationSidelink message
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-REMOTEUEINFORMATIONSIDELINK-START
RemoteUEInformationSidelink-rl7 ::=
    criticalExtensions
        remoteInformationSidelink-rl7
        criticalExtensionsFuture
    }
}
RemoteUEInformationSidelink-rl7-IEs ::=
    sl-Requested-SI-List-rl7
    sl-PagingInfo-RemoteUE-rl7
    lateNonCriticalExtension
    nonCriticalExtension
}
SL-Requested-SI-List-rl7 ::=
SL-PagingInfo-RemoteUE-rl7 ::=
    sl-PagingIdentity-RemoteUE-rl7
    sl-PagingCycle-RemoteUE-rl7
}
-- TAG-REMOTEUEINFORMATIONSIDELINK-STOP
-- ASN1STOP
```

```
SEQUENCE \
    CHOICE \
        RemoteUEInformationSidelink-rl7-IEs,
        SEQUENCE {}
```

SEQUENCE 1
    SetupRelease \{ SL-Requested-SI-List-rl7\} OPTIONAL, -- Need M
    SetupRelease \{ SL-PagingInfo-RemoteUE-rlㄱ\}\}OPTIONAL, -- Need M
    OCTET STRING
OPTIONAL,
    SEQUENCE \{\}
OPTIONAL
BIT STRING (SIZE (maxSI-MessagePlusl-rl7))
SEQUENCE 1
    SL-PagingIdentity-RemoteUE-rl7 OPTIONAL, -- Need M
    PagingCycle OPTIONAL -- Need M

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline RemotelnformationSidelink-IEs field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
sl-Requested-Si-List \\
Contains a list of requested SI messages. The first/leftmost bit corresponds to SIB index 1 (i.e. SIB1), the second bit corresponds to SIB index 2 (i.e. SIB2), and so on.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
si-Paginginfo-RemoteUE \\
Indicates the paging information used by L2 U2N Relay UE to perform the connected L2 U2N Remote UE's paging monitoring.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
sl-Pagingidentity-RemoteUE \\
Indicates the L2 U2N Remote UE's paging UE ID.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
sI-PagingCycle-RemoteUE \\
Indicates the L2 U2N Remote UE's UE specific DRX cycle. Value rf32 corresponds to 32 radio frames, value rf64 corresponds to 64 radio frames and so on.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- \( \quad \) RRCReconfigurationSidelink

The RRCReconfigurationSidelink message is the command to AS configuration of the PC5 RRC connection. It is only applied to unicast of NR sidelink communication.
Signalling radio bearer: SL-SRB3
RLC-SAP: AM
Logical channel: SCCH

ETSI