<!-- Page 363 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
362
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline nonHO & The field is absent in case of reconfiguration with sync within NR or to NR; otherwise it is optionally present, need N. \\
\hline securityNASC & This field is mandatory present in case of inter system handover. Otherwise the field is optionally present, need N . \\
\hline MasterKeyChange & This field is mandatory present in case masterCellGroup includes ReconfigurationWithSync and RadioBearerConfig includes SecurityConfig with SecurityAlgorithm Config, indicating a change of the AS security algorithms associated to the master key. If ReconfigurationWithSync is included for other cases, this field is optionally present, need N. Otherwise the field is absent. \\
\hline FullConfig & The field is mandatory present in case of inter-system handover from E-UTRA/EPC to NR. It is optionally present, Need N, during reconfiguration with sync and also in first reconfiguration after reestablishment; or for intra-system handover from EUTRA/5GC to NR. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline SCG & \begin{tabular}{l}
The field is mandatory present in: \\
- an RRCReconfiguration message contained in an RRCResume message (or in an RRCConnectionResume message, see TS 36.331 [10]), \\
- an RRCReconfiguration message contained in an RRCConnectionReconfiguration message, see TS 36.331 [10], which is contained in DLinformationTransferMRDC transmitted on SRB3 (as a response to ULInformation TransferMRDC including an MCGFailureInformation). \\
The field is optional present, Need M, in: \\
- an RRCReconfiguration message transmitted on SRB3, \\
- an RRCReconfiguration message contained in another RRCReconfiguration message (or in an RRCConnectionReconfiguration message, see TS 36.331 [10]) transmitted on SRB1 \\
- an RRCReconfiguration message contained in another RRCReconfiguration message which is contained in DLInformation TransferMRDC transmitted on SRB3 (as a response to ULInformation TransferMRDC including an MCGFailurelnformation) \\
Otherwise, the field is absent
\end{tabular} \\
\hline L2RelayUE & For L2 U2N Relay UE, the field is optionally present, Need M. Otherwise, it is absent. \\
\hline L2RemoteUE & The field is optional present for L2 U2N Remote UE, need M; otherwise it is absent. \\
\hline L2U2NRelay & For L2 U2N Relay UE, the field is optionally present, Need N. Otherwise, it is absent. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

RRCReconfiguration Complete
The RRCReconfigurationComplete message is used to confirm the successful completion of an RRC connection reconfiguration.
Signalling radio bearer: SRB1 or SRB3
RLC-SAP: AM
Logical channel: DCCH
Direction: UE to Network
RRCReconfigurationComplete message
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-RRCRECONFIGURATIONCOMPLETE-START

RRCReconfigurationComplete : :=
rrc-TransactionIdentifier

SEQUENCE 1
RRC-TransactionIdentifier,

ETSI