<!-- Page 1159 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1158
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
```
    ...;
    [ [
```

```
    ]]
}
Element ::= SEQUENCE \
    useFeatureX BOOLEAN,
    aField INTEGER (0..127)
    anotherField INTEGER (0.127)
    ...
}
maxNrofElements INTEGER ::= 8
maxNrofElements-l INTEGER ::= 7
maxNrofElementsExt INTEGER ::= 8
maxNrofElementsExt-1 INTEGER ::= 7
-- TAG_EXAMPLE_LISTS_STOP
-- /example/ ASN1STOP
```


As can be seen, the elementList list itself uses Need M, but each list entry Element contains mandatory, Need M and Need R fields. If the list is first signalled to UE with 3 entries, and subsequently again with 2 entries, UE shall retain only the latter list, i.e the list with 2 elements will completely replace the list with 3 elements. That also means that the field aField will be treated as if it was newly created, i.e. network must include it if it wishes UE to utilize the field even if it was previously signalled. This also implies that the Need M field (aField) will be treated in the same way as the Need R field (anotherField), i.e delta signalling is not applied and the network has to signal the field to ensure UE does not release the value (which is why Need M should not normally be used in the entries of these lists).
A. 4 Extension of the PDU specifications
A.4.1 General principles to ensure compatibility

It is essential that extension of the protocol does not affect interoperability i.e it is essential that implementations based on different versions of the RRC protocol are able to interoperate. In particular, this requirement applies for the following kind of protocol extensions:
- Introduction of new PDU types (i.e. these should not cause unexpected behaviour or damage).
- Introduction of additional fields in an extensible PDUs (i.e. it should be possible to ignore uncomprehended extensions without affecting the handling of the other parts of the message).
- Introduction of additional values of an extensible field of PDUs. If used, the behaviour upon reception of an uncomprehended value should be defined.

It should be noted that the PDU extension mechanism may depend on the logical channel used to transfer the message e.g. for some PDUs an implementation may be aware of the protocol version of the peer in which case selective ignoring of extensions may not be required.

ETSI