<!-- Page 317 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
316
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
5.9.1.2 MCCH scheduling

The MCCH information (i.e information transmitted in messages sent over MCCH) is transmitted periodically, using a configurable repetition period and within a configured transmission window. MCCH transmissions (and the associated radio resources and MCS) are indicated via the PDCCH addressed to MCCH-RNTI. PDCCH monitoring occasion(s) for MCCH transmission are determined according to the common search space indicated by searchspaceMCCH. If searchspaceMCCH is set to zero, PDCCH monitoring occasions for MCCH message reception in the MCCH transmission window are the same as PDCCH monitoring occasions for SIBI where the mapping between PDCCH monitoring occasions and SSBs is specified in TS 38.213[13]. If searchspaceMCCH is not set to zero, PDCCH monitoring occasions for MCCH message are determined based on search space indicated by searchspaceMCCH. PDCCH monitoring occasions for MCCH message which are not overlapping with UL symbols (determined according to tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon) are sequentially numbered from one in the MCCH transmission window. The \( [\mathrm{x} \times \mathrm{N}+\mathrm{K}]^{\text {th }} \) PDCCH monitoring occasion for MCCH message in MCCH transmission window corresponds to the \( \mathrm{K}^{\text {th }} \) transmitted SSB, where \( \mathrm{x}=0,1, \ldots \mathrm{X}-1, \mathrm{~K}=1,2, \ldots \mathrm{~N}, \mathrm{~N} \) is the number of actual transmitted SSBs determined according to ssb-PositionsInBurst in SIBI and X is equal to CEIL(number of PDCCH monitoring occasions in MCCH transmission window/N). The actual transmitted SSBs are sequentially numbered from one in ascending order of their SSB indexes. The UE assumes that, in the MCCH transmisson window, PDCCH for an MCCH message is transmitted in at least one PDCCH monitoring occasion corresponding to each transmitted SSB and thus the selection of SSB for the reception MCCH messages is up to UE implementation.
5.9.1.3 MCCH information validity and notification of changes

Change of MCCH information only occurs at specific radio frames, i.e the concept of a modification period is used. Within a modification period, the same MCCH information may be transmitted a number of times, as defined by its scheduling (which is based on a repetition period).

When the network changes (some of) the MCCH information, it notifies the UEs about the change via PDCCH which schedules the MCCH in every repetition period in the current modification period.

Upon receiving a change notification, a UE receiving or interested to receive MBS services transmitted using MBS broadcast acquires the new MCCH information starting from the same slot. The UE applies the previously acquired MCCH information until the UE acquires the new MCCH information. The notification is transmitted with a 2-bit bitmap, see TS 38.212 [17] clause 7.3.1.2.1. The MSB in the 2-bit bitmap, when set to '1', indicates the start of MBS service(s). The LSB in the 2-bit bitmap, when set to ' 1 ', indicates modification of MCCH information other than the change caused by start of new MBS service(s), e.g. modification of a configuration of an on-going MBS session(s), MBS session(s) stop or neighbouring cell information modification.
5.9.2 MCCH information acquisition
5.9.2.1 General

Figure 5.9.2.1-1: MCCH information acquisition

The UE applies the MCCH information acquisition procedure to acquire the MBS broadcast configuration information broadcasted by the network. The procedure applies to MBS capable UEs interested to receive MBS broadcast services that are in RRC_IDLE, RRC_INACTIVE or RRC_CONNECTED with an active BWP with common search space configured by searchSpaceMCCH.

ETSI