<!-- Page 1076 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1075
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Timer & Start & Stop & At expiry \\
\hline T320 & Upon reception of 1320 or upon cell (re)selection to NR from another RAT with validity time configured for dedicated priorities (in which case the remaining validity time is applied). & Upon entering RRC_CONNECTED, upon reception of RRCRelease, when PLMN selection or SNPN selection is performed on request by NAS, when the UE enters RRC_IDLE from RRC_INACTIVE, or upon cell (re)selection to another RAT (in which case the timer is carried on to the other RAT). & Discard the cell reselection priority information provided by dedicated signalling. \\
\hline T321 & Upon receiving measConfig including a reportConfig with the purpose set to reportCG/ & Upon acquiring the information needed to set all fields of cgiinfo, upon receiving measConfig that includes removal of the reportConfig with the purpose set to reportCG/and upon detecting that a cell is not broadcasting SIB1. & Initiate the measurement reporting procedure, stop performing the related measurements. \\
\hline T322 & Upon receiving measConfig including reportConfigNR with the purpose set to reportSFTD and drx-SFTD-NeighMeas is set to true. & Upon acquiring the SFTD measurement results, upon receiving measConfig that includes removal of the reportConfig with the purpose set to reportSFTD. & Initiate the measurement reporting procedure, stop performing the related measurements. \\
\hline T325 & Upon reception of RRCRelease message with deprioritisation Timer. & & Stop deprioritisation of all frequencies or NR signalled by RRCRelease. \\
\hline T330 & Upon receiving LoggedMeasurementCon figuration message & Upon log volume exceeding the suitable UE memory, upon initiating the release of LoggedMeasurementConfigurati on procedure & Perform the actions specified in 5.5a.1.4 \\
\hline T331 & Upon receiving RRCRelease message with meas/dleDuration & Upon receiving RRCSetup, RRCResume, RRCRelease with idle/inactive measurement configuration, upon cell selection/reselection to a cell that does not belong to the validityArea (if configured), or upon cell re-selection to another RAT. & Perform the actions as specified in 5.7.8.3. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI