<!-- Page 1175 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1174
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline Message & P & A-I & A-C & Comment \\
\hline CounterCheck & - & - & - & \\
\hline CounterCheckResponse & - & - & - & \\
\hline DedicatedS/BRequest & + & - & - & \\
\hline DLDedicatedMessageSegment & \multicolumn{4}{|l|}{NOTE 1} \\
\hline DLInformationTransfer & + & - & - & \\
\hline DLinformation TransferMRDC & - & - & - & \\
\hline Failure/nformation & - & - & - & \\
\hline LocationMeasurement/indication & - & - & - & \\
\hline MCGFailure/nformation & - & - & - & \\
\hline MeasurementReportAppLayer & - & - & - & \\
\hline MIB & + & + & + & \\
\hline MeasurementReport & - & - & - & Measurement configuration may be sent prior to AS security activation. But: In order to protect privacy of UEs, MeasurementReport is only sent from the UE after successful AS security activation. \\
\hline MobilityFromNRCommand & - & - & - & \\
\hline Paging & + & + & + & \\
\hline RRCReconfiguration & + & - & - & The message shall not be sent unprotected before AS security activation if it is used to perform handover or to establish SRB2, SRB4, multicast MRBs and DRBs. \\
\hline RRCReconfiguration Complete & + & - & - & Unprotected, if sent as response to RRCReconfiguration which was sent before AS security activation. \\
\hline RRCReestablishment & - & - & + & Integrity protection applied, but no ciphering. \\
\hline RRCReestablishmentComplete & - & - & - & \\
\hline RRCReestablishmentRequest & - & - & + & This message is not protected by PDCP operation. However, a shortMAC-/ is included. \\
\hline RRCReject & + & + & + & Justification for A-I and A-C: the message can be sent in SRB0 in RRC_INACTIVE state, after the AS security is activated. \\
\hline RRCRelease & + & - & - & Justification for P: If the RRC connection only for signalling not requiring DRBs or ciphered messages, or the signalling connection has to be released prematurely, this message is sent as unprotected. RRCRelease message sent before AS security activation cannot include deprioritisationReq, suspendConfig, redirectedCarrierInfo, cellReselectionPriorities information fields. \\
\hline RRCResume & - & - & - & \\
\hline RRCResumeComplete & - & - & - & \\
\hline RRCResumeRequest & - & - & + & This message is not protected by PDCP operation. However, a resumeMAC-/is included. \\
\hline RRCResumeRequest1 & - & - & + & This message is not protected by PDCP operation. However, a resumeMAC-/is included. \\
\hline RRCSetup & + & + & + & Justification for A-I and A-C: the message can be sent in SRB0 in RRC_INACTIVE or RRC_CONNECTED states, after the AS security is activated. \\
\hline RRCSetupComplete & + & NA & NA & \\
\hline RRCSetupRequest & + & NA & NA & \\
\hline RRCSystemInfoRequest & + & \( { }^{+} \) & \( { }^{+} \) & Justification for A-I and A-C: the message can be sent in SRB0 in RRC_INACTIVE state, after the AS security is activated. \\
\hline SIB1 & + & + & + & \\
\hline SCGFailurelnformation & - & - & - & \\
\hline SCGFailurelnformationEUTRA & - & - & - & \\
\hline SecurityModeCommand & + & NA & NA & Integrity protection applied, but no ciphering (integrity verification done after the message received by RRC). \\
\hline SecurityModeComplete & - & - & + & The message is sent after AS security activation. Integrity protection applied, but no ciphering. Ciphering is applied after completing the procedure. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI