<!-- Page 97 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
96
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

4> indicate to lower layer that drb-ContinueEHC-UL is configured;
3> if drb-ContinueUDC is included in pdcp-Config:
4> indicate to lower layer that drb-ContinueUDC is configured; 3> re-establish the PDCP entity of this DRB as specified in TS 38.323 [5], clause 5.1.2;
\( 2> \) else, if the recoverPDCP is set:
3> trigger the PDCP entity of this DRB to perform data recovery as specified in TS 38.323 [5];
\( 2> \) if the pdcp-Config is included:
\( 3> \) reconfigure the PDCP entity in accordance with the received pdcp-Config.
\( 2> \) if the sdap-Config is included:
3> reconfigure the SDAP entity in accordance with the received sdap-Config as specified in TS37.324 [24];
3> for each QFI value added in mappedQoS-FlowsToAdd, if the QFI value is previously configured, the QFI value is released from the old DRB;

NOTE 1: Void.
NOTE 2: When determining whether a \( d r b \)-Identity value is part of the current UE configuration, the UE does not distinguish which RadioBearerConfig and DRB-ToAddModList that DRB was originally configured in. To re-associate a DRB with a different key ( \( \mathrm{K}_{\varepsilon \mathrm{NB}} \) to \( \mathrm{S}-\mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}}, \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} \) to \( \mathrm{S}-\mathrm{K}_{\varepsilon \mathrm{NB}}, \mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} \) to \( \mathrm{S}-\mathrm{K}_{\mathrm{gNB}} \), or vice versa), the network provides the drb-Identity value in the (target) drb-ToAddModList and sets the reestablishPDCP flag. The network does not list the drb-Identity in the (source) drb-ToReleaseList.

NOTE 3: When setting the reestablishPDCP flag for a radio bearer, the network ensures that the RLC receiver entities do not deliver old PDCP PDUs to the re-established PDCP entity. It does that e.g. by triggering a reconfiguration with sync of the cell group hosting the old RLC entity or by releasing the old RLC entity.

NOTE 4: In this specification, UE configuration refers to the parameters configured by NR RRC unless otherwise stated.

NOTE 5: Ciphering and integrity protection can be enabled or disabled for a DRB. The enabling/disabling of ciphering or integrity protection can be changed only by releasing and adding the DRB.

NOTE 6: In DAPS handover, the UE may perform PDCP entity re-establishment (if reestablishPDCP is set) or the PDCP data recovery (if recoverPDCP is set) for a non-DAPS bearer when indication of successful completion of random access towards target cell is received from lower layers as specified in TS 38.321 [3]. In this case, the UE suspends data transmission and reception for all non-DAPS bearers in the source MCG for duration of the DAPS handover.
5.3.5.6.6 Multicast MRB release

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) for each \( m r b \)-Identity value included in the \( m r b \)-ToReleaseList that is part of the current UE configuration; or
\( 1> \) for each \( m r b \)-Identity value that is to be released as the result of full configuration according to 5.3.5.11:
\( 2> \) release the PDCP entity and the mrb-Identity;
\( 2> \) indicate the release of the multicast MRB and the tmgi of the released multicast MRB to upper layers.
NOTE 1: The UE does not consider the message as erroneous if the mrb-ToReleaseList includes any mrb-Identity value that is not part of the current UE configuration.

NOTE 2: Whether or not the RLC and MAC entities associated with this PDCP entity are reset or released is determined by the CellGroupConfig.

ETSI