<!-- Page 805 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
804
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline AsyncCA & This field is mandatory present for SCells whose slot offset between the SpCell is not 0 . Otherwise it is absent, Need S. \\
\hline MeasObject & This field is mandatory present for the SpCell if the UE has a measConfig, and it is optionally present, Need M, for SCells. \\
\hline SCellOnly & This field is optionally present, Need R, for SCells. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline ServingCellWithoutPUCCH & This field is optionally present, Need S, for SCells except PUCCH SCells. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline SyncAndCellAdd & \begin{tabular}{l}
This field is mandatory present for a SpCell upon reconfiguration with reconfigurationWithSync and upon RRCSetup/RRCResume. \\
The field is optionally present for an SpCell, Need N, upon reconfiguration without reconfigurationWithSync. The field is mandatory present for an SCell upon addition, and absent for SCell in other cases, Need M.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline TCI_Info & \begin{tabular}{l}
This field is optional Need N for SCells if sCellState is configured, otherwise it is absent. This field is optional Need S for the PSCell when the SCG is indicated as deactivated or is being activated, otherwise it is absent. \\
This field is absent for the PCell.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline TDD & This field is optionally present, Need R, for TDD cells. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline TDD_/AB & For IAB-MT, this field is optionally present, Need R, for TDD cells. It is absent otherwise. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- ServingCellConfigCommon

The IE ServingCellConfigCommon is used to configure cell specific parameters of a UE's serving cell. The IE contains parameters which a UE would typically acquire from SSB, MIB or SIBs when accessing the cell from IDLE. With this IE, the network provides this information in dedicated signalling when configuring a UE with a SCells or with an additional cell group (SCG). It also provides it for SpCells (MCG and SCG) upon reconfiguration with sync.

ServingCel/ConfigCommon information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SERVINGCELLCONEIGCOMMON-START

ServingCellConfigCommon : :=
physCellId.
downlinkConfigCommon
uplinkConfigCommon
supplementaryUplinkConfig
n-TimingAdvanceOffset
ssb-PositionsInBurst
shortBitmap
mediumBitmap
longBitmap
\}
ssb-periodicityServingCell
dmrs-TypeA-Position
lte-CRS-ToMatchAround.
rateMatchPatternToAddModList
rateMatchPatternToReleaseList
ssbSubcarrierSpacing
tdd-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon
ss-PBCH-BlockPower
⋯'
[ [

SEQUENCE 1
PhysCellId OPTIONAL, -- Cond HOAndServCellAdd,

INTEGER (-60..50),

DownlinkConfigCommon
UplinkConfigCommon
UplinkConfigCommon
ENUMERATED \{ nO, n25600, n39936\}
CHOICE [
BIT STRING (SIZE (4)),
BIT STRING (SIZE (8)),
BIT STRING (SIZE (64))
OPTIONAL, -- Cond AbsFreqSSB
ENUMERATED \{ms5, msl0, ms20, ms40, ms80, msl60, spare2, sparel\} OPTIONAL, -- Need S
ENUMERATED \{pos2, pos3\},
SetupRelease \{ RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS \} OPTIONAL, -- Need M
SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofRateMatchPatterns)) OF RateMatchPattern OPTIONAL, -- Need N
SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofRateMatchPatterns)) OF RateMatchPatternId OPTIONAL, -- Need N
SubcarrierSpacing OPTIONAL, -- Cond HOAndServCellWithSSB
TDD-UL-DL-ConfigCommon OPTIONAL, -- Cond. TDD
OPTIONAL, -- Cond HOAndServCellAdd.
OPTIONAL, -- Need. M
OPTIONAL, -- Need. S
OPTIONAL, -- Need. S
    BIT STRING (SIZE (4)),
        BIT STRING (SIZE (8)),
BIT STRING (SIZE (64))
            OPTIONAL, -- Cond AbsFreqSSB
OPTIONAL, -- Need S
PTIONAL, -- Need M
PTIONAL, -- Need. N
OPTIONAL, -- Need N
OPTIONAL, -- Cond HOAndServCellwithSSB
OPTIONAL, -- Cond TDD

ETSI