<!-- Page 777 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
776
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- SCellActivationRS-Config

The IE SCellActivationRS-Config is used to configure a Reference Signal for efficient activation of the SCell where the IE is included (see TS 38.214 [19], clause x.y.z). Usage of an SCellActivationRS-Config is indicated by including its scellActivationRS-Id in the Enhanced SCell activation MAC CE (see TS 38.321 [3] clause 6.1.3.55).

SCellActivationRS-Config information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SCELLACTIVATIONRS-CONFIG-START
SCellActivationRS-Config-rl7 ::= SEQUENCE [
    scellActivationRS-Id-rl7 SCellActivationRS-ConfigId-rl7,
    resourceSet-rl7 NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSetId,
```

```
    qcl-Info-rl7 SEQUENCE (SIZE(l..maxNrofAP-CSI-RS-ResourcesPerSet)) OF TCI-StateId,
    \text { ⋯}
}
-- TAG-SCELLACTIVATIONRS-CONFIG-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline SCellActivationRS-Config field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
gapBetweenBursts \\
When this field is present, there are two bursts and it indicates the gap between the two bursts in number of slots. When this field is absent, there is a single burst.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
qci-info \\
List of references to TCI-States for providing the QCL source and QCL type for each NZP-CSI-RS-Resource listed in nzp-CSI-RS-Resources of the NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet indicated by resourceSet. Each TCI-Stateld refers to the TCI-State which has this value for tci-Stateld and is defined in tci-StatesToAddModList in the PDSCH-Config included in the BWP-Downlink of this serving cell indicated by firstActiveDownlinkBWP-ld in the ServingCellConfig in which this IE is included. First entry in qc/info corresponds to first entry in nzp-CS/-RS-Resources of that NZP-CS/-RS-ResourceSet, second entry in qc/info corresponds to second entry in nzp-CS/-RS-Resources, and so on (see TS 38.214 [19], clause x.y.z).
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
resourceSet \\
nzp-CSI-ResourceSet/d of the NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet of this serving cell used as resource configuration for one or two bursts for SCell activation. This NZP-CSI-RSResourceSet consists of either four NZP CSI-RS resources in two consecutive slots with two NZP CSI-RS resources in each slot, or consists of two NZP CSI-RS resources in one slot (see TS 38.214 [19], clause x.y.z). The CSI-RS associated with this NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet are located in the BWP addressed by firstActiveDownlinkBWP-Id.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- SCellActivationRS-Configid

The IE SCellActivationRS-Configld is used to identify one SCellActivationRS-Config-
SCellActivationRS-Configid information element
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-SCELLACTIVATIONRS-CONFIGID-START
SCellActivationRS-ConfigId-rl7 : := INTEGER (1.. maxNrofSCellActRS-rl7)

ETSI