<!-- Page 25 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
24
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

1 Scope
The present document specifies the Radio Resource Control protocol for the radio interface between UE and NG-RAN.
The scope of the present document also includes:
- the radio related information transported in a transparent container between source gNB and target gNB upon inter gNB handover;
- the radio related information transported in a transparent container between a source or target gNB and another system upon inter RAT handover.
- the radio related information transported in a transparent container between a source eNB and target gNB during E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity.

The RRC protocol is also used to configure the radio interface between an [AB-node and its parent node [2].
2 References
The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in this text, constitute provisions of the present document.
- References are either specific (identified by date of publication, edition number, version number, etc.) or non-specific.
- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.
- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that document in the same Release as the present document.
[1] 3GPP TR 21.905: "Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications".
[2] 3GPP TS 38.300: "NR; Overall description; Stage 2".
[3] 3GPP TS 38.321: "NR; Medium Access Control (MAC); Protocol specification".
[4] 3GPP TS 38.322: "NR; Radio Link Control (RLC) protocol specification".
[5] 3GPP TS 38.323: "NR; Packet Data Convergence Protocol (PDCP) protocol specification".
[6] ITU-T Recommendation X. 680 (08/2015) "Information Technology - Abstract Syntax Notation One (ASN.1): Specification of basic notation" (Same as the ISO/IEC International Standard 88241).
[7] ITU-T Recommendation X. 681 (08/2015) "Information Technology - Abstract Syntax Notation One (ASN.1): Information object specification" (Same as the ISO/IEC International Standard 8824-2).
[8] ITU-T Recommendation X.691 (08/2015) "Information technology - ASN. 1 encoding rules: Specification of Packed Encoding Rules (PER)" (Same as the ISO/IEC International Standard 8825-2).
[9] 3GPP TS 38.215: "NR; Physical layer measurements".
[10] 3GPP TS 36.331: "Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRA) Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol Specification".
[11] 3GPP TS 33.501: "Security Architecture and Procedures for 5G System".
[12] 3GPP TS 38.104: "NR; Base Station (BS) radio transmission and reception".

ETSI