<!-- Page 656 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
655
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline InitialBWP-Only & If SIB1 is broadcast the field is mandatory present in the PDCCH-ConfigCommon of the initial BWP (BWP\#0) in ServingCellConfigCommon; it is absent in other BWPs and when sent in system information. If SIB1 is not broadcast and there is an SSB associated to the cell, the field is optionally present, Need M, in the PDCCH-ConfigCommon of the initial BWP (BWP\#0) in ServingCellConfigCommon (still with the same setting for all UEs). In other cases, the field is absent. \\
\hline OtherBWP & This field is optionally present, Need R, if this BWP is not the initial DL BWP and pagingSearchSpace is configured in this BWP. Otherwise this field is absent. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- PDCCH-ConfigSIB1

The IE PDCCH-ConfigSIBI is used to configure CORESET\#0 and search space\#0.
PDCCH-ConfigSIB1 information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-PDCCH-CONFIGSIBl-START
PDCCH-ConfigSIBl ::=
SEQUENCE \
    ControlResourceSetZero,
    SearchSpaceZero
    controlResourceSetZero
search SpaceZero
}
-- TAG-PDCCH-CONFIGSIBI-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline PDCCH-ConfigSIB1 field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
controlResourceSetZero \\
Determines a common ControlResourceSet (CORESET) with ID \#0, see TS 38.213 [13], clause 13.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
searchSpaceZero \\
Determines a common search space with ID \#0, see TS 38.213 [13], clause 13.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- PDCCH-ServingCellConfig

The IE PDCCH-ServingCellConfig is used to configure UE specific PDCCH parameters applicable across all bandwidth parts of a serving cell.
PDCCH-ServingCellConfig information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-PDCCH-SERVINGCELLCONFIG-START
PDCCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {
    slotFormatIndicator SetupRelease { SlotFormatIndicator}
    ...,
    [ [
```


ETSI