<!-- Page 316 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
315
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\( 2> \) if the UE has a selected NR sidelink U2N Relay UE, and SL-RSRP of the currently selected NR sidelink U2N Relay UE is not available, and SD-RSRP of the currently selected U2N Relay UE is below sl-RSRPThresh; or

NOTE 1: U2N Remote UE uses SL-RSRP measurements for relay reselection trigger evaluation when there is data transmission from U2N Relay UE to U2N Remote UE, and it is left to UE implementation whether to use SL-RSRP or SD-RSRP for relay reselection trigger evaluation in case of no data transmission from U2N Relay UE to U2N Remote UE. If SD-RSRP is used, the discovery procedure will be preformed between the U2N Remote UE and the selected U2N Relay UE.
\( 2> \) if the UE has a selected NR sidelink U2N Relay UE, and upper layers indicate not to use the currently selected NR sidelink U2N Relay UE; or

2> if the UE has a selected NR sidelink U2N Relay UE, and upper layers request the release of the PC5-RRC connection or when AS layer releases the the PC5-RRC connection with the currently selected U2N Relay UE as specified in clause 5.8.9.5; or
\( 2> \) if the UE has a selected NR sidelink U2N Relay UE, and sidelink radio link failure is detected on the PC5RRC connection with the current U2N Relay UE as specified in clause 5.8.9.3:
\( 3> \) perform NR sidelink discovery procedure as specified in clause 5.8 .13 in order to search for candidate NR sidelink U2N Relay UEs;

4> when evaluating the one or more detected NR sidelink U2N Relay UEs, apply layer 3 filtering as specified in 5.5.3.2 across measurements that concern the same U2N Relay UE ID and using the \( s l \) -FilterCoefficient-RSRP in SystemInformationBlockTypel2 (in coverage) or the preconfigured sl-FilterCoefficient-RSRP as defined in 9.3 (out of coverage), before using the SD-RSRP measurement results;

4> select a candidate NR sidelink U2N Relay UE for which SD-RSRP exceeds \( s l \)-RSRP-Thresh by \( s l \) HystMin;

NOTE 2: If multiple suitable candidate Relay UEs which meet all AS-layer \& higher layer criteria are available, it is up to Remote UE implementation to choose one Relay UE. The details of the interaction with upper layers are up to UE implementation.
\( 3> \) if the UE did not detect any candidate NR sidelink U2N Relay UE which SD-RSRP exceeds \( s l \)-RSRPThresh by sl-HystMin:
\( 4> \) consider no NR sidelink U2N Relay UE to be selected;
NOTE 3: For L2 U2N Remote UEs in RRC_IDLE/INACTIVE and L3 U2N Remote UEs, the cell (re)selection procedure and relay (re)selection procedure run independently. If both suitable cells and suitable U2N Relay UEs are available, it is up to U2N Remote UE implementation to select either a cell or a U2N Relay UE. Furthermore, L3 U2N Remote UE's selection on both cell and U2N Relay UE is also based on UE implementation.
5.9 MBS Broadcast
5.9.1 Introdcution
5.9.1.1 General

UE receiving or interested to receive MBS broadcast service(s) applies MBS broadcast procedures described in this clause as well as the MBS Interest Indication procedure as specified in clause 5.9.4.

MBS broadcast configuration information is provided on MCCH logical channel. MCCH carries the MBSBroadcastConfiguration message which indicates the MBS broadcast sessions that are provided in the cell as well as the corresponding scheduling related information for these sessions. Optionally, the MBSBroadcastConfiguration message may also contain a list of neighbour cells providing the same broadcast MBS service(s) as provided in the current cell. The configuration information required by the UE to receive MCCH is provided in SIB20. Additionally, System Information provides also an information related to service continuity of MBS broadcast in SIB21.

ETSI