<!-- Page 1154 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1153
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

There may also be a benefit for the software implementation of the protocol end-points, as these IE types are typically provided by the ASN. 1 compiler as independent data elements, to be used in the software implementation.

An IE type defined in a local context, like the IE PRACH-ConfigInfo, should not be referenced directly from other ASN 1 clauses in the RRC specification. An IE type which is referenced in more than one ASN. 1 clause should be defined in a separate clause, with a separate heading and a separate ASN. 1 clause (possibly as one in a set of closely related IE types, like the IEs PRACH-ConfigSIB and PRACH-Config in the example above). Such IE types are also referred to as 'global IEs'.

NOTE: Referring to an IE type, that is defined as a local IE type in the context of another ASN. 1 clause, does not generate an ASN. 1 compilation error. Nevertheless, using a locally defined IE type in that way makes the IE type definition difficult to find, as it would not be visible at an outline level of the specification. It should be avoided.

The ASN 1 clause specifying the contents of one or more IE types, like in the example above, may be followed by a field description table, where a further description of, e.g., the semantic properties of the fields of the information elements may be included. This table may be absent, similar as indicated in clause A.3.3 for the specification of the PDU type. The general format of the field description table is the same as shown in clause A.3.3 for the specification of the PDU type.
A.3.5 Fields with optional presence

A field with optional presence may be declared with the keyword DEFAULT. It identifies a default value to be assumed, if the sender does not include a value for that field in the encoding:
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
PreambleInfo ::=
SEQUENCE {
    numberOfRA-Preambles
    ...
}
-- ASNISTOP
```


Alternatively, a field with optional presence may be declared with the keyword OPTIONAL. It identifies a field for which a value can be omitted. The omission carries semantics, which is different from any normal value of the field:
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
PRACH-Config ::=
    rootSequenceIndex
    prach-ConfigInfo
}
-- ASNISTOP
SEQUENCE {
    INTEGER (0..1023),
    PRACH-ConfigInfo
OPTIONAL -- Need N
```


The semantics of an optionally present field, in the case it is omitted, should be indicated at the end of the paragraph including the keyword OPTIONAL, using a short comment text with a need code. The need code includes the keyword "Need", followed by one of the predefined semantics tags (S, M, N or R) defined in clause 6.1. If the semantics tag S is used, the semantics of the absent field are further specified either in the field description table following the ASN. 1 clause, or in procedure text.

ETSI