<!-- Page 424 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
423
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

reconnectCellld
This field is used to indicate the cell in which the UE comes back to connected after connection failure and after failing to perform reestablishment. If the UE comes back to RRC CONNECTED in an NR cell then nrReconnectCellll is included and if the UE comes back to RRC CONNECTED in an LTE cell then eutraReconnectCelllD is included reestablishmentCellid
If the UE was not configured with conditionalReconfiguration at the time of re-establishment attempt, or if the cell selected for the re-establishment attempt is not a candidate target cell for conditional reconfiguration, this field is used to indicate the cell in which the re-establishment attempt was made after connection failure.
rif-Cause
This field is used to indicate the cause of the last radio link failure that was detected. In case of handover failure information reporting (i.e., the connectionFailure Type is set to 'hof'), the UE is allowed to set this field to any value.
ssbRLMConfigBitmap
This field is used to indicate the SS/PBCH block indexes configured in the RLM configurations for the active BWP when the UE declares RLF or HOF. The first/leftmost bit corresponds to SSB index 0 , the second bit corresponds to SSB index 1 . This field is included only if the RadioLinkMonitoringConfig for the respective BWP is configured.
timeConnFailure
This field is used to indicate the time elapsed since the last HO execution until connection failure. Actual value \( = \) field value \( { }^{*} 100 \mathrm{~ms} \). The maximum value 1023 means 102.3 s or longer.
timeConnSourceDAPS-Failure
This field is used to indicate the time that elapsed between the last DAPS handover execution and the radio link failure detected in the source cell while T304 is running. Value in milliseconds. The maximum value 1023 means 1023 ms or longer.
timeSinceFailure
This field is used to indicate the time that elapsed since the connection (radio link or handover) failure. Value in seconds. The maximum value 172800 means 172800 s or longer. In the case of failure(s) (either at source or at target or at both) associated to DAPS handover, this field indicates the time elapsed since the latest connection (radio link or handover) failure.
timeSinceCHO-Reconfig
In case of handover failure, this field is used to indicate the time elapsed between the initiation of the last conditional reconfiguration execution towards the target cell and the reception of the latest conditional reconfiguration for this target cell. In case of radio link failure, this field is used to indicate the time elapsed between the radio link failure and the reception of the latest conditional reconfiguration while connected to the source PCell. Actual value \( = \) field value * 100 ms . The maximum value 1023 means 102.3 s or longer.
timeUntilReconnection
This field is used to indicate the time that elapsed between the connection (radio link or handover) failure and the next time the UE comes to RRC CONNECTED in an NR or EUTRA cell, after failing to perform reestablishment. Value in seconds. The maximum value 172800 means 172800s or longer.

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline SuccessHO-Report field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
c-RNTI \\
This field indicates the C-RNTI assigned by the target PCell of the handover for which the successful HO report was generated.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
rif-inSourceDAPS \\
This field indicates whether a radio link failure occurred at the source cell while T304 was running, prior to a DAPS handover failure.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
shr-Cause \\
This field is used to indicate the cause of the successful HO report.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
timeSinceCHO-Reconfig \\
This field is used to indicate the time elapsed between the initiation of the last conditional reconfiguration execution towards the target cell and the reception of the latest conditional reconfiguration for this target cell. Actual value \( = \) field value \( { }^{*} 100 \mathrm{~ms} \). The maximum value 1023 means 102.3s or longer.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
upinterruptionTimeAtHO \\
This field is used to indicate the time elapsed between the time of arrival of the last PDCP PDU received from the source cell and the time of arrival of the first non-duplicate PDCP PDU received from the target cell, and it is measured at the time of arrival of the first non-duplicate PDCP PDU received from the target cell only in DAPS HO scenario. \\
Value in milliseconds. The maximum value 1023 means 1023 ms or longer.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI