<!-- Page 28 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
27
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
3.1 Definitions

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions given in TR 21.905 [1] and the following apply. A term defined in the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term, if any, in TR 21.905 [1].

AM MRB: An MRB associated with at least an AM RLC bearer for PTP transmission.
BH RLC channel: An RLC channel between two nodes, which is used to transport backhaul packets.
Broadcast MRB: A radio bearer configured for MBS broadcast delivery.
CEIL: Mathematical function used to 'round up' i.e to the nearest integer having a higher or equal value.
DAPS bearer: a bearer whose radio protocols are located in both the source gNB and the target gNB during DAPS handover to use both source gNB and target gNB resources.

Dedicated signalling: Signalling sent on DCCH logical channel between the network and a single UE.
Dormant BWP: The dormant BWP is one of downlink BWPs configured by the network via dedicated RRC signallingIn the dormant BWP, the UE stops monitoring PDCCH on/for the SCell, but continues performing CSI measurements, Automatic Gain Control (AGC) and beam management, if configured. For each serving cell other than the SpCell or PUCCH SCell, the network may configure one BWP as a dormant BWP.

Field: The individual contents of an information element are referred to as fields.
FLOOR: Mathematical function used to 'round down' i.e to the nearest integer having a lower or equal value.
Global cell identity: An identity to uniquely identifying an NR cell. It is consisted of cellldentity and plmn-Identity of the first PLMN-Identity in plmn-IdentityList in SIB1.

Information element: A structural element containing single or multiple fields is referred as information element.
MBS Radio Bearer: A radio bearer that is configured for MBS delivery.
Multicast/Broadcast Service: A point-to-multipoint service as defined in TS 23.247 [67].
Multicast MRB: A radio bearer configured for MBS multicast delivery.
NCSG: Network controlled small gap as defined in TS 38.133 [14].
NPN-only Cell: A cell that is only available for normal service for NPNs' subscriber. An NPN-capable UE determines that a cell is NPN-only Cell by detecting that the cellReservedForOther Use IE is set to true while the npnIdentitylnfoList [E is present in CellAccessRelatedInfo.

NR sidelink communication: AS functionality enabling at least V2X Communication as defined in TS 23.287 [55], between two or more nearby UEs, using NR technology but not traversing any network node.

PNI-NPN identity: an identifier of a PNI-NPN comprising of a PLMN ID and a CAG -ID combination.
Primary Cell: The MCG cell, operating on the primary frequency, in which the UE either performs the initial connection establishment procedure or initiates the connection re-establishment procedure.

PC5 Relay RLC channel: An RLC channel between L2 U2N Remote UE and L2 U2N Relay UE, which is used to transport packets over PC5 for L2 UE-to-Network relay.

Primary SCG Cell: For dual connectivity operation, the SCG cell in which the UE performs random access when performing the Reconfiguration with Sync procedure.

Primary Timing Advance Group: Timing Advance Group containing the SpCell.
PUCCH SCell: An SCell configured with PUCCH.
PUSCH-Less SCell: An SCell configured without PUSCH.

ETSI