<!-- Page 407 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
406
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

UEAssistancelnformation field descriptions
reducedCCsDL
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of downlink SCells indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving.
When indicated to address overheating, this maximum number includes both SCells of the NR MCG and PSCell/SCells of the SCG. This maximum number only includes PSCell/SCells of the SCG in (NG)EN-DC.
When indicated to address power saving, this maximum number includes PSCell/SCells of the cell group that this UE assistance information is associated with. The maximum number of downlink SCells can only range up to the current active configuration when indicated to address power savings.
reducedCCsUL
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of uplink SCells indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving. When indicated to address overheating, this maximum number includes both SCells of the NR MCG and PSCell/SCells of the SCG. This maximum number only includes PSCell/SCells of the SCG in (NG)EN-DC.
When indicated to address power saving, this maximum number includes PSCell/SCells of the cell group that this UE assistance information is associated with. The maximum number of uplink SCells can only range up to the current active configuration when indicated to address power savings.
reducedMMO-LayersFR1-DL
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of downlink MIMO layers of each serving cell operating on FR1 indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cells operating on FR1. The maximum number of downlink MIMO layers can only range up to the maximum number of MIMO layers configured across all activated downlink carrier(s) of FR1 in the cell group when indicated to address power savings.
reducedMIMO-LayersFR1-UL
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of uplink MIMO layers of each serving cell operating on FR1 indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cells operating on FR1. The maximum number of uplink MIMO layers can only range up to the maximum number of MIMO layers configured across all activated uplink carrier(s) of FR1 in the cell group when indicated to address power savings.
reducedMMMO-LayersFR2-DL
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of downlink MIMO layers of each serving cell operating on FR2-1 indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cells operating on FR2-1. The maximum number of downlink MIMO layers can only range up to the maximum number of MIMO layers configured across all activated downlink carrier(s) of FR2-1 in the cell group when indicated to address power savings.
reducedMMO-LayersFR2-UL
Indicates the UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of uplink MIMO layers of each serving cell operating on FR2-1 indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cells operating on FR2-1. The maximum number of uplink MIMO layers can only range up to the maximum number of MIMO layers configured across all activated uplink carrier(s) of FR2-1 in the cell group when indicated to address power savings.
reducedMMO-LayersFR2-2-DL
Indicates the 'UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of downlink MIMO layers of each serving cell operating on FR2-2 indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cells operating on FR2-2. The maximum number of downlink MIMO layers can only range up to the maximum number of MIMO layers configured across all activated downlink carrier(s) of FR2-2 in the cell group when indicated to address power savings.
reducedMMO-LayersFR2-2-UL
Indicates the 'UE's preference on reduced configuration corresponding to the maximum number of uplink MIMO layers of each serving cell operating on FR2-2 indicated by the field, to address overheating or power saving. This field is allowed to be reported only when UE is configured with serving cells operating on FR2-2. The maximum number of uplink MIMO layers can only range up to the maximum number of MIMO layers configured across all activated uplink carrier(s) of FR2-2 in the cell group when indicated to address power savings.
reference TimeInfoPreference
Indicates whether the UE prefers being provisioned with the timing information specified in the IE ReferenceTime/nfo.

ETSI