<!-- Page 729 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
728
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

msgA-TotalNumberOfRA-Preambles
Indicates the total number of preambles used for contention-based and contention-free 2 -step random access type when ROs for 2 -step are not shared with 4 -step. If the field is absent, and 2 -step and 4 -step does not have shared ROs, all 64 preambles are available for 2 -step random access type.
msgA-TransMax
Max number of MsgA preamble transmissions performed before switching to 4-step random access (see TS 38.321 [3], clauses 5.1.1). This field is only applicable when 2-step and 4 -step RA type are configured and switching to 4 -step type RA is supported. If the field is absent, switching from 2 -step RA type to 4 -step RA type is not allowed.
ra-ContentionResolutionTimer
The initial value for the contention resolution timer for fallback RAR in case no 4-step random access type is configured (see TS 38.321 [3], clause 5.1.5). Value sf8 corresponds to 8 subframes, value sf16 corresponds to 16 subframes, and so on. If both 2 -step and 4-step random access type resources are configured on the BWP, then this field is absent.
ra-Prioritization
Parameters which apply for prioritized random access procedure on any UL BWP of SpCell for specific Access Identities (see TS 38.321 [3], clause 5.1.1a).
ra-PrioritizationForAI
Indicates whether the field ra-Prioritization-r16 applies for Access Identities. The firstfleftmost bit corresponds to Access Identity 1, the next bit corresponds to Access Identity 2. Value 1 for an Access Identity indicates that the field ra-Prioritization-r16 applies, otherwise the field does not apply.
rach-ConfigGenericTwoStepRA
2-step random access type parameters for both regular random access and beam failure recovery.

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline GroupB-ConfiguredTwoStepRA field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
messagePowerOffsetGroupB \\
Threshold for preamble selection. Value is in dB. Value minusinfinity corresponds to -infinity. Value \( d B 0 \) corresponds to \( 0 \mathrm{~dB}, d B 5 \) corresponds to 5 dB and so on. (see TS 38.321 [3], clause 5.1.1).
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
numberOfRA-PreamblesGroupA \\
The number of CB preambles per SSB in group A for idle/inactive or connected mode. The setting of the number of preambles for each group should be consistent with msgA-SSB-PerRACH-OccasionAndCB-PreamblesPerSSB or msgA-CB-PreamblesPerSSB-PerSharedRO if configured.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
ra-MsgA-SizeGroupA \\
Transport block size threshold in bits below which the UE shall use a contention-based RA preamble of group A. (see TS 38.321 [3], clause 5.1.1).
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & Explanation \\
\hline 2StepOnlyL139 & The field is mandatory present if msgA-PRACH-RootSequencelndex \( \mathrm{L}=139 \) and no 4-step random access type is configured, otherwise the field is absent, Need S. \\
\hline 2StepOnly & The field is mandatory present if there are no 4-step random access configurations configured in the BWP, i.e only 2-step random access type configured in the BWP, otherwise the field is optionally present, Need S. \\
\hline SharedRO & The field is mandatory present if the 2 -step random access type occasions are shared with 4 -step random access type, otherwise the field is not present. \\
\hline 2Step4Step & The field is mandatory present if both 2-step random access type and 4-step random access type are configured in the BWP, otherwise the field is not present. \\
\hline InitialBWP-Only & This field is optionally present, Need R, if this BWP is the initial BWP of SpCell. Otherwise the field is absent. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- \( \quad \) RACH-ConfigDedicated

The IE RACH-ConfigDedicated is used to specify the dedicated random access parameters.

ETSI