<!-- Page 189 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
188
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\( 1> \) for this measurement, consider the serving cell indicated by the measObjectNR associated to this event.
Inequality A2-1 (Entering condition)
Ms + Hys < Thresh
Inequality A2-2 (Leaving condition)
\( M s-H y s> \) Thresh
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M s \) is the measurement result of the serving cell, not taking into account any offsets.
Hys is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. a2-Threshold as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
\( M s \) is expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and RS-SINR.
Hys is expressed in dB.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as \( M s \).
5.5.4.4 Event A3 (Neighbour becomes offset better than SpCell)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition A3-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition A3-2, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) use the SpCell for Mp, Ofp and Ocp.
NOTE 1: The cell(s) that triggers the event has reference signals indicated in the measObjectNR associated to this event which may be different from the NR SpCell measObjectNR.

Inequality A3-1 (Entering condition)
\( M n+O f n+O c n-H y s>M p+O f p+O c p+O f f \)
Inequality A3-2 (Leaving condition)
\( M n+O f n+O c n+H y s<M p+O f p+O c p+O f f \)
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M n \) is the measurement result of the neighbouring cell, not taking into account any offsets.
\( O f n \) is the measurement object specific offset of the reference signal of the neighbour cell (i.e. offsetMO as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the neighbour cell).

Ocn is the cell specific offset of the neighbour cell (i.e. cellndividualOffset as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the frequency of the neighbour cell), and set to zero if not configured for the neighbour cell.
\( M p \) is the measurement result of the SpCell, not taking into account any offsets.
Ofp is the measurement object specific offset of the SpCell (i.e. offsetMO as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the SpCell).
\( O c p \) is the cell specific offset of the SpCell (ie celllndividualOffset as defined within measObjectNR corresponding to the SpCell), and is set to zero if not configured for the SpCell.

Hys is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Off is the offset parameter for this event (i.e. a3-Offset as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
\( M n, M p \) are expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and RS-SINR.

ETSI