<!-- Page 197 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
196
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Thresh2 is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e x1-Threshold2 as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).

Mr is expressed in dBm .
\( M n \) is expressed in dBm in case of RSRP, or in dB in case of RSRQ and RS-SINR.
Ofn, Ocn, Hys are expressed in dB.
Threshl is expressed in the same unit as Mr.
Thresh 2 is expressed in the same unit as Mn.
5.5.4.18 Event X2 (Serving L2 U2N Relay UE becomes worse than threshold)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition X2-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition X2-2, as specified below, is fulfilled;
Inequality X2-1 (Entering condition)
\( M r+H y s< \) Thresh
Inequality X2-2 (Leaving condition)
Mr - Hys > Thresh
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
Mr is the measurement result of the serving L2 U2N Relay UE, not taking into account any offsets.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event.
Thresh is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. \( x 2 \)-Threshold-Relay as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).

Mr is expressed in dBm .
Hys are expressed in dB.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as Mr.
5.5.4.19 Event Y1 (PCell becomes worse than threshold1 and candidate L2 U2N Relay UE becomes better than threshold2)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when both condition Y1-1 and condition Y1-2, as specified below, are fulfilled;

1> consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition Y1-3 or condition Y1-4, i.e. at least one of the two, as specified below, is fulfilled;

Inequality Y1-1 (Entering condition 1)
\( M p+H y s< \) Thresh \( l \)
Inequality Y1-2 (Entering condition 2)
Mr-Hys > Thresh2
Inequality Y1-3 (Leaving condition 1)
Mp - Hys > Thresh l

ETSI