<!-- Page 1093 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1092
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- A transmitter compliant with this version of the specification shall, unless explicitly indicated otherwise on a PDU type basis, set the extension part empty. Transmitters compliant with a later version may send non-empty extensions;
- A transmitter compliant with this version of the specification shall set spare bits to zero.
8.5 Padding

If the encoded RRC message does not fill a transport block, the RRC layer shall add padding bits. This applies to PCCH and BCCH .

Padding bits shall be set to 0 and the number of padding bits is a multiple of 8 .

Figure 8.5-1: RRC level padding

9 Specified and default radio configurations
Specified and default configurations are configurations of which the details are specified in the standard. Specified configurations are fixed while default configurations can be modified using dedicated signalling. The default value for the parameters not listed in following clauses shall be set such as the corresponding features are not configured, i.e. release or false unless explicitly stated otherwise.

NOTE: The UE applies the default values specified in the field description of ASN. 1 parameters only when the parent IE is present. Hence, the UE does not apply all default values in field descriptions when it applies the "default radio configuration" in accordance with this clause.
9.1 Specified configurations
9.1.1 Logical channel configurations
9.1.1.1 BCCH configuration

Parameters

ETSI