<!-- Page 195 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
194
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

Hys is expressed is in the same unit as \( M s \).
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as Ms.
5.5.4.13 Void
5.5.4.14 Void
5.5.4.15 Event D1

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when both condition D1-1 and conditionD1-2, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition D1-3 or conditionD1-4, as specified below, is fulfilled;

Inequality D1-1 (Entering condition 1)
Ml1 - Hys > Thresh 1
Inequality D1-2 (Entering condition 2)
Ml2 + Hys < Thresh 2
Inequality D1-3 (Leaving condition 1)
Ml1 + Hys < Thresh 1
Inequality D1-4 (Leaving condition 2)
Ml2 - Hys > Thresh 2
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
MII is the UE location, represented by the distance between UE and a reference location parameter for this event (i.e. referenceLocation I as defined within reportConfigNR for this event), not taking into account any offsets.

MI2 is the UE location, represented by the distance between UE and a reference location parameter for this event (i.e. referenceLocation 2 as defined within reportConfigNR for this event), not taking into account any offsets but.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event (i.e. hysteresis as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
ThreshI is the threshold for this event defined as a distance, configured with parameter distanceFromReferencel, from a reference location configured with parameter referenceLocation I within reportConfigNR for this event.

Thresh 2 is the threshold for this event defined as a distance, configured with parameter distanceFromReference2, from a reference location configured with parameter referenceLocation 2 within reportConfigNR for this event.

MII is expressed in meters.
MI2 is expressed in meters.
Hys is expressed in the same unit as MII.
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as MII.
NOTE: The definition of Event D1 also applies to CondEvent D1.
5.5.4.16 CondEvent T1

The UE shall:

ETSI