<!-- Page 196 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
195
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when condition T1-1, as specified below, is fulfilled;
\( 1> \) consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition T1-2, as specified below, is fulfilled;
Inequality T1-1 (Entering condition)
M \( > \) Thresh 1
Inequality T1-2 (Leaving condition)
Mt > Thresh1 + Duration
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M t \) is the time measured at UE.
Thresh1 is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. tl-Threshold as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).

Duration is the duration parameter for this event (i.e. duration as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).
Mt is expressed in \( m s \).
Thresh is expressed in the same unit as Mt.
5.5.4.17 Event X1 (Serving L2 U2N Relay UE becomes worse than threshold1 and NR Cell becomes better than threshold2)

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) consider the entering condition for this event to be satisfied when both condition X1-1 and condition X1-2, as specified below, are fulfilled;

1> consider the leaving condition for this event to be satisfied when condition X1-3 or condition X1-4, i.e. at least one of the two, as specified below, is fulfilled;

Inequality X1-1 (Entering condition 1)
\( M r+H y s< \) Thresh \( l \)
Inequality X1-2 (Entering condition 2)
\( M n+O f n+O c n-H y s>T h r e s h 2 \)
Inequality X1-3 (Leaving condition 1)
Mr - Hys > Thresh l
Inequality X1-4 (Leaving condition 2)
\( M n+O f n+O c n+H y s<T h r e s h 2 \)
The variables in the formula are defined as follows:
\( M r \) is the measurement result of the serving L2 U2N Relay UE, not taking into account any offsets.
\( M n \) is the measurement result of the NR cell, not taking into account any offsets.
Ofn is the measurement object specific offset of the frequency of the NR cell.
Ocn is the cell specific offset of the NR cell, and set to zero if not configured for the cell.
\( H y s \) is the hysteresis parameter for this event.
Threshl is the threshold parameter for this event (i.e. xl-Thresholdl-Relay as defined within reportConfigNR for this event).

ETSI