<!-- Page 525 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
524
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

CrossCarrierSchedulingConfig field descriptions
carrierindicatorSizeDCI-0-2, carrierindicatorSizeDCI-1-2
Configures the number of bits for the field of carrier indicator in PDCCH DCI format \( 0 \_2 / 1 \_2 \). The field carrierIndicatorSizeDCI-0-2 refers to DCI format \( 0 \_2 \) and the field carrierindicatorSizeDCI-1-2 refers to DCI format 1_2, respectively (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3 .1 and TS 38.213 [13], clause 10.1).
ccs-BlindDetectionSplit
Indicates the share of blind detection candidates and non-overlapping CCEs for PDCCH monitoring on an SpCell and an SCell when cross-carrier scheduling is configured from the SCell for the SpCell (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 10.1.1). The network only configures this field when it sets the field other for an SpCell, i.e., when it configures crosscarrier scheduling of the SpCell by a PDCCH on an Scell.
cif-Presence
The field is used to indicate whether carrier indicator field is present (value true) or not (value false) in PDCCH DCI formats, see TS 38.213 [13]. If cif-Presence is set to true, the CIF value indicating a grant or assignment for this cell is 0 .
cif-inSchedulingCell
The field indicates the CIF value used in the scheduling cell to indicate a grant or assignment applicable for this cell, see TS 38.213 [13]. If configured for an SpCell, the nonfallback DCI formats on the SpCell include same number of CIF bits as the corresponding non-fallback DCI formats on the scheduling cell, and the CIF bits are considered reserved.
enableDefaultBeamForCCS
This field indicates whether default beam selection for cross-carrier scheduled PDSCH is enabled, see TS 38.214 [19]. If not present, the default beam selection behaviour is not applied, i.e. Rel-15 behaviour is applied. This field can only be configured in the cross-scheduled SCell or SpCell.
other
Parameters for cross-carrier scheduling. If configured for an SpCell, the SpCell can be scheduled by the PDCCH on another SCell as well as by the PDCCH on the SpCell. If configured for an SCell, the SCell is scheduled by a PDDCH on another cell.
own
Parameters for self-scheduling, i.e., a serving cell is scheduled by its own PDCCH.
scheduling Cellid
If configured for a SpCell, this field indicates which SCell, in addition to the SpCell, signals the downlink allocations and uplink grants, if applicable, for the concerned SpCell. If configured for a Scell, this field indicates which cell signals the downlink allocations and uplink grants, if applicable, for the concerned SCell. In case the UE is configured with DC, the scheduling cell is part of the same cell group (i.e. MCG or SCG) as the scheduled cell. In case the UE is configured with two PUCCH groups, the scheduling cell and the scheduled cell are within the same PUCCH group. If drx-ConfigSecondaryGroup is configured in the MAC-CellGroupConfig associated with this serving cell, the scheduling cell and the scheduled cell belong to the same Frequency Range. In addition, the serving cell with an aperiodic CSI trigger and the PUSCH resource scheduled for the report are on the same carrier and serving cell, but the cell for which CSI is reported may belong to the same or a different Frequency Range. The network should not trigger a CSI request for a serving cell in the other Frequency Range when that serving cell is outside Active Time.

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Explanation } \\
\hline CIF-PRESENCE & The field is mandatory present if the cif-Presence is set to true. The field is absent otherwise. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- CSI-AperiodicTriggerStateList

The CSI-AperiodicTriggerStateList IE is used to configure the UE with a list of aperiodic trigger states. Each codepoint of the DCI field "CSI request" is associated with one trigger state (see TS 38.321 [3], clause 6.1.3.13). Upon reception of the value associated with a trigger state, the UE will perform measurement of CSI-RS, CSI-[M and/or SSB (reference signals) and aperiodic reporting on L1 according to all entries in the associatedReportConfigInfoList for that trigger state.

CSI-AperiodicTriggerStateList information element

-- ASNISTART
ETSI