<!-- Page 1124 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1123
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

ueAssistancelnformationSCG
Includes for each UE assistance feature associated with the SCG, the information last reported by the UE in the NR UEAssistancelnformation message for the SCG, if any.

\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline BandCombinationinfoSN field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
bandCombinationindex \\
In case of NR-DC, this field indicates the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList. In case of NE-DC, this field indicates the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList and/or supportedBandCombinationListNEDC-Only. In case of (NG)EN-DC, this field indicates the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList and/or supportedBandCombinationList-UplinkTxSwitch. Band combination entries in supportedBandCombinationList are referred by an index which corresponds to the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList. Band combination entries in supportedBandCombinationListNEDC-Only are referred by an index which corresponds to the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationListNEDC-Only increased by the number of entries in supportedBandCombinationList. Band combination entries in supportedBandCombinationList-UplinkTxSwitch are referred by an index which corresponds to the position of a band combination in the supportedBandCombinationList-UplinkTxSwitch increased by the number of entries in supportedBand Combination List.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
requestedFeatureSets \\
The position in the FeatureSetCombination which identifies one FeatureSetUplinkJownlink for each band entry in the associated band combination
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{|c|l|}
\hline Conditional Presence & \multicolumn{1}{|c|}{ Explanation } \\
\hline FDD & This field is mandatory present if dl-Freqlnfo-NR is included and concerns an FDD carrier; otherwise the field is absent. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- CG-Config/nfo

This message is used by master eNB or gNB to request the SgNB or SeNB to perform certain actions e.g to establish, modify or release an SCG. The message may include additional information e.g. to assist the SgNB or SeNB to set the SCG configuration. It can also be used by a CU to request a DU to perform certain actions, e.g. to establish, or modify an MCG or SCG.

Direction: Master eNB or gNB to secondary gNB or eNB, alternatively CU to DU.
CG-Configinfo message
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-CG-CONFIG-INFO-START
```


CG-ConfigInfo : :=
SEQUENCE 1
CHOICE I
-
=
CHOICE
CG-ConfigInfo-IEs,
sparel NULL
SEQUENCE [\}

EQUENCE 1
MeasResultList2NR
```
    criticalExtensions
        cl
            cg-ConfigInfo CG-ConfigInfo-IEs,
            spare3 NULL, spare2 NULL, sparel NULL
        },
        criticalExtensionsFuture SEQUENCE {}
    }
}
CG-ConfigInfo-IEs ::=
    ue-CapabilityInfo
    candidateCellInfoListMN
    candidateCellInfoListMN
```


OCTET STRING (CONTAINING UE-CapabilityRAT-ContainerList)

OPTIONAL, -- Cond. SN-AddMod.
OPTIONAL,

ETSI