<!-- Page 29 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
28
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

RedCap UE: A UE with reduced capabilities as specified in clause 4.2.21.1 in TS 38.306 [26].
RLC bearer configuration: The lower layer part of the radio bearer configuration comprising the RLC and logical channel configurations.

Secondary Cell: For a UE configured with CA, a cell providing additional radio resources on top of Special Cell.
Secondary Cell Group: For a UE configured with dual connectivity, the subset of serving cells comprising of the PSCell and zero or more secondary cells.

Serving Cell: For a UE in RRC_CONNECTED not configured with CA/DC there is only one serving cell comprising of the primary cell. For a UE in RRC_CONNECTED configured with CA/ DC the term 'serving cells' is used to denote the set of cells comprising of the Special Cell(s) and all secondary cells.

Small Data Transmission: A procedure used for transmission of data and/or signalling over allowed radio bearers in RRC_INACTIVE state (i.e. without the UE transitioning to RRC_CONNECTED state).

SNPN identity: an identifier of an SNPN comprising of a PLMN ID and an NID combination.
Special Cell: For Dual Connectivity operation the term Special Cell refers to the PCell of the MCG or the PSCell of the SCG, otherwise the term Special Cell refers to the PCell.

Split SRB: In MR-DC, an SRB that supports transmission via MCG and SCG as well as duplication of RRC PDUs as defined in TS 37.340 [41].

SSB Frequency: Frequency referring to the position of resource element \( \mathrm{RE}=\# 0 \) (subcarrier \#0) of resource block RB\#10 of the SS block.

U2N Relay UE: A UE that provides functionality to support connectivity to the network for U2N Remote UE(s).
U2N Remote UE: A UE that communicates with the network via a U2N Relay UE.
Uu Relay RLC channel: An RLC channel between L2 U2N Relay UE and gNB, which is used to transport packets over Uu for L2 UE-to-Network relay.

UE Inactive AS Context: UE Inactive AS Context is stored when the connection is suspended and restored when the connection is resumed. It includes information as defined in clause 5.3.8.3.

V2X sidelink communication: AS functionality enabling V2X Communication as defined in TS 23.285 [56], between nearby UEs, using E-UTRA technology but not traversing any network node.
3.2 Abbreviations

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in TR 21.905 [1] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 [1].

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline 5GC & 5G Core Network \\
\hline ACK & Acknowledgement \\
\hline AM & Acknowledged Mode \\
\hline ARQ & Automatic Repeat Request \\
\hline AS & Access Stratum \\
\hline ASN. 1 & Abstract Syntax Notation One \\
\hline BAP & Backhaul Adaptation Protocol \\
\hline BCD & Binary Coded Decimal \\
\hline BFD & Beam Failure Detection \\
\hline BH & Backhaul \\
\hline BLER & Block Error Rate \\
\hline BWP & Bandwidth Part \\
\hline CA & Carrier Aggregation \\
\hline CAG & Closed Access Group \\
\hline CAG-ID & Closed Access Group Identifier \\
\hline CAPC & Channel Access Priority Class \\
\hline CBR & Channel Busy Ratio \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

ETSI