<!-- Page 476 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
475
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- \( \quad \) BSR-Config

The IE BSR-Config is used to configure buffer status reporting.
BSR-Config information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-BSR-CONFIG-START
BSR-Config ::=
    periodicBSR-Timer
    retxBSR-Timer
    logicalChannelSR-DelayTimer
    ...
}
-- TAG-BSR-CONFIG-STOP
-- ASNISTOP
```

```
SEQUENCE \
    ENUMERATED { sfl, sf5, sfl0, sfl6, sf20, sf32, sf40, sf64,
        sf80, sfl28, sfl60, sf320, sf640, sfl280, sf2560, infinity},
    ENUMERATED { sfl0, sf20, sf40, sf80, sfl60, sf320, sf640, sfl280, sf2560,
        sf5120, sf10240, spare5, spare4, spare3, spare2, sparel},
    ENUMERATED { sf20, sf40, sf64, sfl28, sf512, sfl024, sf2560, sparel} OPTIONAL, -- Need. R
```


\begin{tabular}{|l|}
\hline BSR-Config field descriptions \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
logicalChannelSR-DelayTimer \\
Value in number of subframes. Value sf20 corresponds to 20 subframes, sf40 corresponds to 40 subframes, and so on.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
periodicBSR-Timer \\
Value in number of subframes. Value sf1 corresponds to 1 subframe, value sf5 corresponds to 5 subframes and so on.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{l}
retxBSR-Timer \\
Value in number of subframes. Value sf10 corresponds to 10 subframes, value sf20 corresponds to 20 subframes and so on.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
- \( \quad B W P \)

The IE BWP is used to configure generic parameters of a bandwidth part as defined in TS 38.211 [16], clause 4.5, and TS 38.213 [13], clause 12.
For each serving cell the network configures at least an initial downlink bandwidth part and one (if the serving cell is configured with an uplink) or two (if using supplementary uplink (SUL)) initial uplink bandwidth parts. Furthermore, the network may configure additional uplink and downlink bandwidth parts for a serving cell.

The uplink and downlink bandwidth part configurations are divided into common and dedicated parameters.
BWP information element
```
-- ASNISTART
-- TAG-BWP-START
BWP ::=
    locationAndBandwidth
    subcarrierSpacing
```

```
SEQUENCE {
    INTEGER (0..37949),
    SubcarrierSpacing,
```


ETSI