<!-- Page 1153 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1152
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

The field description table has one column. The header row shall contain the ASN. 1 type identifier of the PDU type.
The following rows are used to provide field descriptions. Each row shall include a first paragraph with a field identifier (in bold and italic font style) referring to the part of the PDU to which it applies. The following paragraphs at the same row may include (in regular font style), e.g., semantic description, references to other specifications and/or specification of value units, which are relevant for the particular part of the PDU.

The parts of the PDU contents that do not require a field description shall be omitted from the field description table.
A.3.4 Information elements

Each IE (information element) type is specified in an ASN. 1 clause similar to the one shown in the example below.
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
PRACH-ConfigSIB ::=
    rootSequenceIndex
    prach-ConfigInfo
}
PRACH-Config ::=
    rootSequenceIndex
    prach-ConfigInfo
}
PRACH-ConfigInfo ::=
    prach-ConfigIndex
    highSpeedFlag
    zeroCorrelationZoneConfig
}
-- ASNISTOP
```

```
SEQUENCE {
    INTEGER (0..1023),
    PRACH-ConfigInfo
```

```
SEQUENCE {
    INTEGER (0..1023),
    PRACH-ConfigInfo OPTIONAL -- Need N
SEQUENCE {
    ENUMERATED {ffs},
    ENUMERATED {ffs},
    ENUMERATED {ffs}
```


IEs should be introduced whenever there are multiple fields for which the same set of values apply. IEs may also be defined for other reasons e.g. to break down a ASN. 1 definition in to smaller pieces.

A group of closely related IE type definitions, like the IEs PRACH-ConfigSIB and PRACH-Config in this example, are preferably placed together in a common ASN-1 clause. The IE type identifiers should in this case have a common base, defined as the generic type identifier. It may be complemented by a suffix to distinguish the different variants. The "PRACH-Config" is the generic type identifier in this example, and the "SIB" suffix is added to distinguish the variant. The clause heading and generic references to a group of closely related IEs defined in this way should use the generic type identifier.

The same principle should apply if a new version, or an extension version, of an existing IE is created for critical or non-critical extension of the protocol (see clause A.4). The new version, or the extension version, of the IE is included in the same ASN. 1 clause defining the original. A suffix is added to the type identifier, using the naming conventions defined in clause A.3.1.2, indicating the release or version of the where the new version, or extension version, was introduced.

Local IE type definitions, like the IE PRACH-ConfigInfo in the example above, may be included in the ASN 1 clause and be referenced in the other IE types defined in the same ASN. 1 clause. The use of locally defined IE types should be encouraged, as a tool to break up large and complex IE type definitions. It can improve the readability of the code.

ETSI