<!-- Page 304 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
303
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

1> else if the UE initiates transmission of the NotificationMessageSidelink message due to cell reselection:
\( 2> \) set the indicationType as relayUE-CellReselection;
\( 1> \) if the UE initiates transmission of the NotificationMessageSidelink message due to Uu RRC connection establishment failure:
\( 2> \) set the indicationType as relayUE-UuRRCFailure;
5.8.9.10.4 Actions related to reception of NotificationMessageSidelink message

Upon receiving the NotificationMessageSidelink, the U2N Remote UE shall:
\( 1> \) if the indicationType is included:
\( 2> \) if the UE is L2 U2N Remote UE in RRC_CONNECTED:
\( 3> \) initiate the RRC connection re-establishment procedure as specified in \( 5.3 .7 ; 2> \) else if the UE is L3 U2N Remote UE, or L2 U2N Remote UE in RRC_IDLE or RRC_INACTIVE:
\( 3> \) if the PC5-RRC connection with the U2N Relay UE is determined to be released:
\( 4> \) perform the PC5-RRC connection release as specified in 5.8.9.5.
\( 3> \) else maintain the PC5-RRC connection;
NOTE: For L3 U2N Remote UE, or L2 U2N Remote UE in RRC_[DLE or RRC_INACTIVE, it is up to Remote UE implementation whether to release or keep the unicast PC5 link.
5.8.10 Sidelink measurement
5.8.10.1 Introduction

The UE may configure the associated peer UE to perform NR sidelink measurement and report on the corresponding PC5-RRC connection in accordance with the NR sidelink measurement configuration for unicast by RRCReconfigurationSidelink message.

The NR sidelink measurement configuration includes the following parameters for a PC5-RRC connection:
1. NR sidelink measurement objects: Object(s) on which the associated peer UE shall perform the NR sidelink measurements.
- For NR sidelink measurement, a NR sidelink measurement object indicates the NR sidelink frequency of reference signals to be measured.
2. NR sidelink reporting configurations: NR sidelink measurement reporting configuration( \( s \) ) where there can be one or multiple NR sidelink reporting configurations per NR sidelink measurement object. Each NR sidelink reporting configuration consists of the following:
- Reporting criterion: The criterion that triggers the UE to send a NR sidelink measurement report. This can either be periodical or a single event description.
- RS type: The RS that the UE uses for NR sidelink measurement results. In this release, only DMRS is supported for NR sidelink measurement.
- Reporting format: The quantities that the UE includes in the measurement report. In this release, only RSRP measurement is supported.
3. NR sidelink measurement identities: \( A \) list of \( N R \) sidelink measurement identities where each \( N R \) sidelink measurement identity links one NR sidelink measurement object with one NR sidelink reporting configuration. By configuring multiple NR sidelink measurement identities, it is possible to link more than one NR sidelink measurement object to the same NR sidelink reporting configuration, as well as to link more than one NR sidelink reporting configuration to the same NR sidelink measurement object. The NR sidelink measurement

ETSI