<!-- Page 154 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
153
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

3> initiate RRC connection resume procedure in 5.3.13.2 with resumeCause set to ma-Update; \( 1> \) if barring is alleviated for Access Category ' 8 ' or Access Category ' 2 ', as specified in 5.3.14.4:
\( 2> \) if upper layers do not request RRC the resumption of an RRC connection, and
\( 2> \) if the variable pendingRNA-Update is set to true:
\( 3> \) initiate RRC connection resume procedure in 5.3.13.2 with resumeCause value set to rna-Update.
If the UE in RRC_INACTIVE state fails to find a suitable cell and camps on the acceptable cell to obtain limited service as defined in TS 38.304 [20], the UE shall:

1> perform the actions upon going to RRC_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11 with release cause 'other'.
NOTE: It is left to UE implementation how to behave when T380 expires while the UE is camped neither on a suitable nor on an acceptable cell.
5.3.13.9 Reception of the RRCRelease by the UE

The UE shall:
1> perform the actions as specified in 5.3.8.
5.3.13.10 Reception of the RRCReject by the UE

The UE shall:
1> perform the actions as specified in 5.3.15.
5.3.13.11 Inability to comply with RRCResume

The UE shall:
\( 1> \) if the UE is unable to comply with (part of) the configuration included in the RRCResume message;
\( 2> \) perform the actions upon going to RRC_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11 with release cause 'RRC Resume failure'.

NOTE 1: The UE may apply above failure handling also in case the RRCResume message causes a protocol error for which the generic error handling as defined in 10 specifies that the UE shall ignore the message.

NOTE 2: If the UE is unable to comply with part of the configuration, it does not apply any part of the configuration, i.e. there is no partial success/failure.
5.3.13.12 Inter RAT cell reselection

Upon reselecting to an inter-RAT cell, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) perform the actions upon going to RRC_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11, with release cause 'other'.
5.3.14 Unified Access Control
5.3.14.1 General

The purpose of this procedure is to perform access barring check for an access attempt associated with a given Access Category and one or more Access Identities upon request from upper layers according to TS 24.501 [23] or the RRC layer. This procedure does not apply to IAB-MT. This procedure does not apply to L2 U2N Relay UE initiating RRC connection establishment or RRC connection resume upon reception of any message from a L2 U2N remote UE via SLRLC0 or SL-RLC1 in accordance to 5.3.3.1a and 5.3.13.1a.

After a PCell change in RRC_CONNECTED the UE shall defer access barring checks until it has obtained SIB1 (as specified in 5.2.2.2) from the target cell.

ETSI