<!-- Page 39 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
38
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
5.2 System information
5.2.1 Introduction

System Information \( (\mathrm{SI}) \) is divided into the \( M I B \) and a number of SIBs and posSIBs where:
- the MIB is always transmitted on the BCH with a periodicity of 80 ms and repetitions made within 80 ms (TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.1) and it includes parameters that are needed to acquire SIB1 from the cell. The first transmission of the MIB is scheduled in subframes as defined in TS 38.213 [13], clause 4.1 and repetitions are scheduled according to the period of SSB;
- the SIBI is transmitted on the DL-SCH with a periodicity of 160 ms and variable transmission repetition periodicity within 160 ms as specified in TS 38.213 [13], clause 13. The default transmission repetition periodicity of SIBI is 20 ms but the actual transmission repetition periodicity is up to network implementation. For SSB and CORESET multiplexing pattern 1, SIBI repetition transmission period is 20 ms . For SSB and CORESET multiplexing pattern 2/3, SIB1 transmission repetition period is the same as the SSB period (TS 38.213 [13], clause 13). SIBI includes information regarding the availability and scheduling (e.g. mapping of SIBs to SI message, periodicity, SI-window size) of other SIBs with an indication whether one or more SIBs are only provided on-demand and, in that case, the configuration needed by the UE to perform the SI request. SIBI is cell-specific SIB;
- SIBs other than SIBI and posSIBs are carried in SystemInformation (SI) messages, which are transmitted on the DL-SCH. Only SIBs or posSIBs having the same periodicity can be mapped to the same SI message. SIBs and posSIBs are mapped to the different SI messages. Each SI message is transmitted within periodically occurring time domain windows (referred to as SI-windows with same length for all SI messages). Each SI message is associated with an SI-window and the SI-windows of different SI messages do not overlap. That is, within one SI-window only the corresponding SI message is transmitted. An SI message may be transmitted a number of times within the SI-window. Any SIB or posSIB except SIBI can be configured to be cell specific or area specific, using an indication in SIB1. The cell specific SIB is applicable only within a cell that provides the SIB while the area specific SIB is applicable within an area referred to as SI area, which consists of one or several cells and is identified by systemInformationArealD;
- The mapping of SIBs to SI messages is configured in schedulingInfoList and schedulingInfoList2, while the mapping of posSIBs to SI messages is configured in posSchedulingInfoList and schedulingInfoList2. SIBs and posSIBs are mapped to separate SI messages even when configured using a common schedulingInfoList2. Each SIB is contained only in a single SI message. In the case of posSIB, a posSIB carrying GNSS Generic Assistance Data for different GNSS/SBAS [49] is contained in different SI messages. Each SIB and posSIB, including a posSIB carrying GNSS Generic Assistance Data for one GNSS/SBAS, is contained at most once in that SI message;
- For a UE in RRC_CONNECTED, the network can provide system information through dedicated signalling using the RRCReconfiguration message, e g. if the UE has an active BWP with no common search space configured to monitor system information, paging, or upon request from the UE.
- For PSCell and SCells, the network provides the required SI by dedicated signalling, i.e within an RRCReconfiguration message. Nevertheless, the UE shall acquire MIB of the PSCell to get SFN timing of the SCG (which may be different from MCG). Upon change of relevant SI for SCell, the network releases and adds the concerned SCell. For PSCell, the required SI can only be changed with Reconfiguration with Sync.

NOTE: The physical layer imposes a limit to the maximum size a SIB can take. The maximum SIBI or SI message size is 2976 bits.

ETSI