<!-- Page 1106 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1105
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

\( 3> \) if the field concerns a (sub-field of) an entry of a list (ie a SEQUENCE OF):
4> treat the list as if the entry including the missing or not comprehended field was absent;
\( 3> \) else if the field concerns a sub-field of another field, referred to as the 'parent' field i.e. the field that is one nesting level up compared to the erroneous field:

4> consider the 'parent' field to be set to a not comprehended value;
4> apply the generic error handling to the subsequent 'parent' field(s), until reaching the top nesting level i.e. the message level;
\( 3> \) else (field at message level):
4> ignore the message.
NOTE 1: The error handling defined in these clauses implies that the UE ignores a message with the message type or version set to a not comprehended value.

NOTE 2: The nested error handling for messages received on logical channels other than DCCH and CCCH applies for errors in extensions also, even for errors that can be regarded as invalid network operation e.g. the network not observing conditional presence.

NOTE 3: UE behaviour on receipt of an RRC message on DCCH or CCCH that does not include a field that is mandatory (e.g. because conditions for mandatory presence are fulfilled) is unspecified.

The following ASN. 1 further clarifies the levels applicable in case of nested error handling for errors in extension fields.
```
-- /example/ ASN1START
-- Example with extension addition group
ItemInfolist ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..max)) OFItemInfo
ItemInfo ::= SEQUENCE \
    itemIdentity INTEGER (1..max),
    fieldl Fieldl,
    field2 Field2 OPTIONAL, -- Need. N
    ...
    [ [
    field3-r9 Field3-r9 OPTIONAL, Cond Condl
    field4-r9 Field4-r9 OPTIONAL -- Need N
    ]]
}
-- Example with traditional non-critical extension (empty sequence)
BroadcastInfoBlockl ::= SEQUENCE {
    itemIdentity INTEGER (1..max),
    fieldl Fieldl,
    field2 Field2 OPTIONAL, -- Need. N
    nonCriticalExtension BroadcastInfoBlockl-v940-IEs OPTIONAL
}
BroadcastInfoBlockl-v940-IEs::= SEQUENCE {
    field3-r9 Field3-r9 OPTIONAL, Cond Condl
    field4-r9 Field4-r9 OPTIONAL, -- Need N
    nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {} OPTIONAL -- Need S
}
-- ASNISTOP
```


The UE shall, apply the following principles regarding the levels applicable in case of nested error handling:
- an extension addition group is not regarded as a level on its own. E.g. in the ASN. 1 extract in the previous, a error regarding the conditionality of field 3 would result in the entire itemInfo entry to be ignored (rather than just the extension addition group containing field 3 and field4);

ETSI