<!-- Page 681 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
680
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)

p-UE-FR2
The maximum total transmit power to be used by the UE across all serving cells in frequency range 2 (FR2) across all cell groups. The maximum transmit power that the UE may use may be additionally limited by p-Max (configured in FrequencylnfoUL) and by p-NR-FR2 (configured for the cell group).
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook
The PDSCH HARQ-ACK codebook is either semi-static or dynamic. This is applicable to both CA and none CA operation (see TS 38.213 [13], clauses 9.1.2 and 9.1.3). If pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-r16 is signalled, UE shall ignore the pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook (without suffix). For the HARQ-ACK for sidelink, if pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-r16 is signalled, the UE uses pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook (without suffix) and ignores pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-r16. If the field pdsch-HARQ-ACK-CodebooksecondaryPUCCHgroup is present, pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook is applied to primary PUCCH group. Otherwise, this field is applied to the cell group (i.e. for all the cells within the cell group). For the HARQ-ACK for sidelink, if the field pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-secondaryPUCCHgroup is present, pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook is applied to primary and secondary PUCCH group and the UE ignores pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-secondaryPUCCHgroup.
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-CodebookList
A list of configurations for one or two HARQ-ACK codebooks. Each configuration in the list is defined in the same way as pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1.2.2 and TS 38.213 [13], clauses 7.2.1, 9.1.2, 9.1.3 and 9.2.1). If this field is present, the field pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook is ignored. If this field is present, the value of this field is applied for primary PUCCH group and for secondary PUCCH group (if configured). For the HARQ-ACK for sidelink, the UE uses pdsch-HARQ-ACKCodebook and ignores pdsch-HARQ-ACK-CodebookList if this field is present.
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Codebook-secondaryPUCCHgroup
The PDSCH HARQ-ACK codebook is either semi-static or dynamic. This is applicable to CA operation (see TS 38.213 [13], clauses 9.1.2 and 9.1.3). It is configured for secondary PUCCH group.
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-EnhType3DCI-Field
Indicates the enhanced Type 3 codebook through a new DCI field to indicate the enhanced Type 3 HARQ-ACK codebook in the secondary PUCCH group if the more than one enhanced Type HARQ-ACK codebook is configured for the primary PUCCH group.
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-EnhType3ToAddModList, pdsch-HARQ-ACK-EnhType3SecondaryToAddModList
Configure the list of enhanced Type 3 HARQ-ACK codebooks for the primary PUCCH group and the secondary PUCCH group, respectively. When configured, DCI_format 1_1 can request the UE to report A/N for one of the configured enhanced Type 3 HARQ-ACK codebooks in the corresponding PUCCH group (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 9.1.4).
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-EnhType3SecondaryPUCCHgroup
Enables the enhanced Type 3 codebook through a DCI field to indicate the enhanced Type 3 HARQ-ACK codebook in the secondary PUCCH group if the more than one enhanced Type 3 HARQ-ACK codebook is configured for the secondary PUCCH group.
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-OneShotFeedback
When configured, the \( \mathrm{DCI} \_ \)format \( 1 \_1 \) can request the UE to report AN for all HARQ processes and all CCs configured in the PUCCH group (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1).
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-OneShotFeedbackCBG
When configured, the DCI_format 1_1 can request the UE to include CBG level A/N for each CC with CBG level transmission configured. When not configured, the UE will report TB level A/N even if CBG level transmission is configured for a CC. The network configures this only when pdsch-HARQ-ACK-OneShotFeedback is configured.
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-OneShotFeedbackNDI
When configured, the DCI_format 1_1 can request the UE to include NDI for each A/N reported. The network configures this only when pdsch-HARQ-ACK-OneShotFeedback is configured.
pdsch-HARQ-ACK-Retx, pdsch-HARQ-ACK-RetxSecondaryPUCCHgroup
When configured, the DCI format 1_1 can request the UE to perform a HARQ-ACK re-transmission on a PUCCH resource in the primary PUCCH group and the secondary PUCCH group, respectively (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 9.1.5).
pucch-sSCell, pucch-sSCellSecondaryPUCCHgroup
indictates the alternative PUCCH cells for PUCCH cell switching in the primary and the secondary PUCCH group, respectively. For the primary PUCCH group, it is configured for cells on top of SpCell. For the secondary PUCCH group, it is configured for cell on top of the PUCCH SCell.
pucch-sSCellDyn, pucch-sSCellDynsecondaryPUCCHgroup
When configured, PUCCH cell switching based on dynamic indication in DCI format 1_1 is enabled (see TS 38.213 [13], clause 9.A, clause 9.1.5), respectively for the primary PUCCH group and the secondary PUCCH group.

ETSI