<!-- Page 1055 of ts_138331v170000p -->

3GPP TS 38.331 version 17.0.0 Release 17
1054
ETSI TS 138331 V17.0.0 (2022-05)
- End of NR-RRC-Definitions
-- ASNISTART

END
-- ASNISTOP
6.5 Short Message

Short Messages can be transmitted on PDCCH using P-RNTI with or without associated Paging message using Short Message field in DCI format 1 _0 (see TS 38.212 [17], clause 7.3.1.2.1).

Table 6.5-1 defines Short Messages. Bit 1 is the most significant bit.

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 6.5-1: Short Messages}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline Bit & Short Message \\
\hline 1 & \begin{tabular}{l}
systeminfoModification \\
If set to 1: indication of a BCCH modification other than SIB6, SIB7 and SIB8.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline 2 & \begin{tabular}{l}
etwsAndCmasindication \\
If set to 1: indication of an ETWS primary notification and/or an ETWS secondary notification and/or a CMAS notification.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline 3 & \begin{tabular}{l}
stopPagingMonitoring \\
This bit can be used for only operation with shared spectrum channel access and if nrofPDCCH-MonitoringOccasionPerSSB-InPO is present. \\
If set to 1: indication that the UE may stop monitoring PDCCH occasion(s) for paging in this Paging Occasion as specified in TS 38.304 [20], clause 7.1.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline 4 & \begin{tabular}{l}
systeminfoModification-eDRX \\
If set to 1: indication of a BCCH modification other than SIB6, SIB7 and SIB8. This indication applies only to UEs using eDRX cycle longer than the BCCH modification period.
\end{tabular} \\
\hline 5-8 & Not used in this release of the specification, and shall be ignored by UE if received. \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
6.6 PC5 RRC messages
6.6.1 General message structure
- PC5-RRC-Definitions

This ASN-1 segment is the start of the PC5 RRC PDU definitions.

ETSI