<!-- Page 137 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
136
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.18.22 Update of PUCCH Power Control Set for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition

The network may activate and deactivate PUCCH power control set(s) for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition for a PUCCH resource or a PUCCH resource group of a Serving Cell by sending the PUCCH Power Control Set Update for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.46.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a PUCCH Power Control Set Update for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the PUCCH power control set update for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition MAC CE.
5.18.23 Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The network may activate and deactivate the configured unified TCI states of a Serving Cell or a set of Serving Cells configured in simultaneous U-TCI-UpdateList 1, simultaneous U-TCI-UpdateList2, simultaneous U-TCI-UpdateList3 or simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList4 by sending the Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.47. The configured unified TCI states are initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
5.18.24 Update of Differential Koffset

The network may provide and update the Differential Koffset of a Serving Cell in a non-terrestrial network by sending the Differential Koffset MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.57.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a Differential Koffset MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Differential Koffset MAC CE.
5.18.25 BFD-RS Indication MAC CE

The network may activate and deactivate the configured beam failure detection resources of a Serving Cell by sending the BFD-RS indication MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.58.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a BFD-RS indication MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the BFD-RS Indication MAC CE.
5.18.26 Restricted and recommended beam indication for IAB

Child IAB-DU Restricted Beam Indication MAC CE is used by an IAB-node to indicate to its child node spatial resources and associated frequency information where simultaneous transmission/reception from the IAB-MT and transmission from the IAB-DU cells is restricted. IAB-MT Recommended Beam Indication MAC CE is used by an [AB-node to indicate to its parent node recommendations for such a restriction. Time resources where these restrictions/recommendations can apply are indicated via RRC, while the MAC CE further selects from these time resources the specific time resource configuration (comprising a list of slot indices) to which information provided in the MAC CE applies.

Upon reception of a Child IAB-DU Restricted Beam Indication MAC CE the IAB-node shall:

ETSI