<!-- Page 107 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
106
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

When the MBS SPS is released by upper layers, all the corresponding configurations shall be released.
After a downlink assignment is configured for MBS SPS, the MAC entity shall consider sequentially that the \( \mathrm{N}^{\text {th }} \) downlink assignment occurs in the slot for which:
\[
\begin{array}{c}
\text { (numberOfSlotsPerFrame } \text { × } \mathrm{SFN}+\text { slot number in the frame })= \\
{\left[\left(\text { numberOfSlotsPerFrame } \text { × } \text { SFN }_{\text {start ume }}+\text { slot } \text { t }_{\text {start }} \text { ume }\right)+\mathrm{N} \times \text { periodicity } \text { × } \text { numberOfSlotsPerFrame } / 10\right]} \\
\text { modulo }(1024 \times \text { numberOfSlotsPerFrame })
\end{array}
\]
where \( \mathrm{SFN}_{\text {start ame }} \) and slot \( { }_{\text {start tume }} \) are the SFN and slot, respectively, of the first transmission of PDSCH where the configured downlink assignment was (re-)initialised.
5.8.2 Uplink

There are two types of transmission without dynamic grant:
- configured grant Type 1 where an uplink grant is provided by RRC, and stored as configured uplink grant;
- configured grant Type 2 where an uplink grant is provided by PDCCH, and stored or cleared as configured uplink grant based on L1 signalling indicating configured uplink grant activation or deactivation.

Type 1 and Type 2 are configured by RRC for a Serving Cell per BWP. Multiple configurations can be active simultaneously in the same BWP. For Type 2, activation and deactivation are independent among the Serving Cells. For the same BWP, the MAC entity can be configured with both Type 1 and Type 2.

A multi-PUSCH configured grant has multiple consecutive configured uplink grants within a periodicity. Both Type 1 and Type 2 can be configured for a multi-PUSCH configured grant by RRC.

Only configured grant Type 1 can be configured for CG-SDT or for RACH-less LTM cell switch or for RACH-less handover. CG-SDT can only be configured on initial BWP.

RRC configures the following parameters when the configured grant Type 1 is configured:
- cs-RNTI: CS-RNTI for retransmission;
- cg-SDT-CS-RNTI: CS-RNTI for CG-SDT retransmission;
- cg-SDT-RSRP-ThresholdSSB: an RSRP threshold configured for SSB selection for CG-SDT;
- cg-RRC-RSRP-ThresholdSSB: an RSRP threshold configured for SSB selection for RACH-less handover;
- periodicity: periodicity of the configured grant Type 1;
- timeDomainOffset: Offset of a resource with respect to SFN = timeReferenceSFN in time domain;
- timeDomainAllocation: Allocation of configured uplink grant in time domain which contains startSymbolAndLength (i.e. SLIV in TS 38.214 [7]) or startSymbol (i.e. S in TS 38.214 [7]);
- nrofHARQ-Processes: the number of HARQ processes for configured grant;
- harq-ProcID-Offset: offset of HARQ process for configured grant configured with cg-RetransmissionTimer for operation with shared spectrum channel access;
- harq-ProcID-Offset2: offset of HARQ process for configured grant not configured with cgRetransmissionTimer;
- timeReferenceSFN: SFN used for determination of the offset of a resource in time domain. The UE uses the closest SFN with the indicated number preceding the reception of the configured grant configuration;
- timeReferenceH-SFN: H-SFN used for determination of the offset of a resource in time domain. The UE uses the closest H-SFN with the indicated number preceding the reception of the configured grant configuration.

RRC configures the following parameters when the configured grant Type 2 is configured:
- cs-RNTI: CS-RNTI for activation, deactivation, and retransmission;

ETSI