<!-- Page 133 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
132
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.18.9 Activation/Deactivation of semi-persistent ZP CSI-RS resource set

The network may activate and deactivate the configured Semi-persistent ZP CSI-RS resource set of a Serving Cell by sending the SP ZP CSI-RS Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.19. The configured Semi-persistent ZP CSI-RS resource sets are initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall:
1> if the MAC entity receives an SP ZP CSI-RS Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the SP ZP CSI-RS Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
5.18.10 Recommended Bit Rate

The recommended bit rate procedure is used to provide the MAC entity with information about the bit rate which the gNB recommends. The bit rate is the recommended bit rate of the physical layer. Averaging window of default value 2000 ms will apply as specified in TS 26.114 [13].

The gNB may transmit the Recommended bit rate MAC CE to the MAC entity to indicate the recommended bit rate for the UE for a specific logical channel and a specific direction (either uplink or downlink). Upon reception of a Recommended bit rate MAC CE the MAC entity shall:
- indicate to upper layers the recommended bit rate for the indicated logical channel and direction.

The MAC entity may request the gNB to indicate the recommended bit rate for a specific logical channel and a specific direction. If the MAC entity is requested by upper layers to query the gNB for the recommended bit rate for a logical channel and for a direction (i.e. for uplink or downlink), the MAC entity shall:

1> if a Recommended bit rate query for this logical channel and this direction has not been triggered:
\( 2> \) trigger a Recommended bit rate query for this logical channel, direction, and desired bit rate.
If the MAC entity has UL resources allocated for new transmission the MAC entity shall:
1> for each Recommended bit rate query that the Recommended Bit Rate procedure determines has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if bitRateQueryProhibitTimer for the logical channel and the direction of this Recommended bit rate query is configured, and it is not running; and
\( 2> \) if the MAC entity has UL resources allocated for new transmission and the allocated UL resources can accommodate a Recommended bit rate MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of LCP as defined in clause 5.4.3.1:

3> instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the Recommended bit rate MAC CE for the logical channel and the direction of this Recommended bit rate query;

3> start the bitRateQueryProhibitTimer for the logical channel and the direction of this Recommended bit rate query;

3> cancel this Recommended bit rate query.

ETSI