<!-- Page 257 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
256
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.46-1: PUCCH power control set update for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition MAC CE
6.1.3.47 Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size consisting of following fields:
- CORESET Pool ID: This field indicates that the mapping between the activated TCI states and the codepoint of the DCI Transmission Configuration Indication set by field TCI state ID is specific to the ControlResourceSetld configured with CORESET Pool ID as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. This field set to 1 indicates that the TCI states are specified to CORESET pool ID equal to 1 , otherwise the TCI states are specified to CORESET pool ID equal to 0 . If no more than one value for the coresetPoollndex is configured for any CORESET in the BWP, the R bit is present instead;
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits. If the indicated Serving Cell is configured as part of a simultaneous U-TCI-UpdateList I, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList2, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList3 or simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList4 as specified in TS 38.331 [5], this MAC CE applies to all theServing Cells in the set simultaneous U-TCIUpdateList1, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList2, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList3 or simultaneousU-TCIUpdateList4, respectively;
- DL BWP ID: This field indicates a DL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;
- UL BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. If value of unifiedTCI-StateType in the Serving Cell indicated by Serving Cell ID is joint, this field is considered as the reserved bits. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;
- \( \mathrm{P}_{1} \) : This field indicates whether each TCI codepoint has multiple TCI states or single TCI state. If \( \mathrm{P}_{1} \) field is set to 1 , it indicates that \( i^{\text {th }} \) TCI codepoint includes the DL TCI state and the UL TCI state. If \( \mathrm{P}_{1} \) field is set to 0 , it indicates that \( i^{\text {th }} \) TCI codepoint includes only the DL/joint TCI state or the UL TCI state. The codepoint to which a TCI state is mapped is determined by its ordinal position among all the TCI state ID fields;
- D/U: This field indicate whether the TCI state ID in the same octet is for joint/downlink or uplink TCI state. If this field is set to 1 , the TCI state ID in the same octet is for joint/downlink. If this field is set to 0 , the TCI state ID in the same octet is for uplink;
- TCI state ID: This field indicates the TCI state identified by TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. If D/U is set to 1,7-bits length TCI state ID i.e TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5] is used. If D/U is set to 0, the most significant bit of TCI state ID is considered as the reserved bit and remainder 6 bits indicate the TCI-UL-State-Id as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The maximum number of activated TCI states is 16;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI