<!-- Page 268 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
267
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Coordination Information MAC CE or Enhanced Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE is fixed to '1' for Logical Channel Prioritization (LCP) procedure. The Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE (as shown in Figure 6.1.3.53-1) or the Enhanced Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE (as shown in Figure 6.1.3.53-2) has a variable size with following fields:
- RT: This field indicates the resource set type, i.e., preferred resource set or non-preferred resource set, as the codepoint value of the SCI format 2-C Resource set type field as specified in TS 38.212 [9].
- RSL: This field indicates the location of reference slot, as the codepoint value of the SCI format 2-C Reference slot location field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The length of the field is 17 bits. If the length of Reference slot location field in SCI format 2-C as specified in TS 38.212 [9] is shorter than 17 bit, this field contains Reference slot location field using the LSB bits;
- \( \mathrm{LSI}_{1} \) : This field indicates the lowest subchannel indices for the first resource location of each TRIV, as the codepoint value of the SCI format 2-C Lowest subChannel indices field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. LSI indicates the lowest subchannel indices for the first resource location of TRIV within the first resource combination, \( \mathrm{LSI}_{1} \) indicates the lowest subchannel indices for the first resource location of TRIV within the second resource combination and so on. For Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE, the length of the field is 5 bits. If the length of Lowest subChannel indices field in SCI format 2-C as specified in TS 38.212 [9] is shorter than 5 bit, this field contains Lowest subChannel indices field using the LSB bits; For Enhanced Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE, the length of the field is 4 bits. If the length of Lowest subChannel indices field in SCI format 2-C as specified in TS 38.212 [9] is shorter than 4 bit, this field contains Lowest subChannel indices field using the LSB bits;
- LRI: This field is only included in the Enhanced Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE. It indicates the lowest RB set indices for the first resource location of each TRIV, as the codepoint value of the SCI format 2-C Lowest RB set indices field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. LRI indicates the lowest RB set indices for the first resource location of TRIV within the first resource combination, \( \mathrm{LRI}_{1} \) indicates the lowest RB set indices for the first resource location of TRIV within the second resource combination and so on. The length of the field is 3 bits. If the length of Lowest RB set indices field in SCI format 2-C as specified in TS 38.212 [9] is shorter than 3 bits, this field contains Lowest RB set indices field using the LSB bits;
- \( \mathrm{RC}_{\mathrm{i}} \) : This field indicates resource combination, as the codepoint value of the SCI format 2-C Resource combinations field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The number of RC is based on upper bound of the L field in the MAC subheader as indicated in clause 6.2.1. \( \mathrm{RC}_{0} \) indicates the first resource combination, \( \mathrm{RC}_{1} \) indicates the second resource combination and so on. For Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE, the length of the field is 26 bits. If the length of Resource combinations field in SCI format 2-C as specified in TS 38.212 [9] is shorter than 26 bit, this field contains Resource combinations field using the LSB bits; For Enhanced Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE, the length of the field is 28 bis. If the length of Resource combination field in SCI format 2-C as specified in TS 38.212 [9] is shorter than 28 bits, this field contains Resource combination field using the LSB bits;
- First resource location \( 1_{1} \) : This field indicates the first resource location, as the codepoint value of the SCI format 2-C 0 field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. First Resource Location indicates the first resource location for the second resource combination, First Resource Location \( { }_{1} \) indicates the first resource location for the third resource combination and so on. The length of the field is 13 bits. If the length of First resource location field in SCI format 2-C as specified in TS 38.212 [9] is shorter than 13 bit, this field contains First resource location field using the LSB bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

NOTE: It is up to UE implementation to determine whether and how to select a subset of RCs to be included in the Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE.

ETSI