<!-- Page 125 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
124
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) not receive SL-SCH on the BWP;
\( 2> \) not transmit PSFCH on the BWP, if configured;
\( 2> \) suspend any configured sidelink grant of configured grant Type 1;
\( 2> \) clear any configured sidelink grant of configured grant Type 2;
\( 2> \) cancel, if any, triggered Scheduling Request procedure for sidelink;
\( 2> \) cancel, if any, triggered Sidelink Buffer Status Reporting procedure;
\( 2> \) cancel, if any, triggered Sidelink CSI Reporting procedure;
\( 2> \) cancel, if any, triggered Sidelink DRX Command MAC CE;
\( 2> \) cancel, if any, triggered Sidelink IUC-Request transmission procedure;
\( 2> \) cancel, if any, triggered Sidelink IUC-Information Reporting procedure;
\( 2> \) cancel, if any, triggered Sidelink consistent LBT failure.
5.16 SUL operation

The Supplementary UL (SUL) carrier can be configured as a complement to the normal UL (NUL) carrier. Switching between the NUL carrier and the SUL carrier means that the UL transmissions move from one carrier to the other carrier, which is done by:
- an indication in DCl;
- the Random Access procedure as specified in clause 5.1.1;
- the SDT procedure as specified in clause 5.27.

If the MAC entity receives a UL grant indicating an SUL switch while a Random Access procedure is ongoing, the MAC entity shall ignore the UL grant.

The Serving Cell configured with supplementaryUplink belongs to a single TAG.
5.17 Beam Failure Detection and Recovery procedure

The MAC entity may be configured by RRC per Serving Cell or per BFD-RS set with a beam failure recovery procedure which is used for indicating to the serving gNB of a new SSB or CSI-RS when beam failure is detected on the serving SSB(s)/CSI-RS(s). Beam failure is detected by counting beam failure instance indication from the lower layers to the MAC entity. If beamFailureRecoveryConfig is reconfigured by upper layers during an ongoing Random Access procedure for beam failure recovery for SpCell, the MAC entity shall stop the ongoing Random Access procedure and initiate a Random Access procedure using the new configuration. The Serving Cell is configured with two BFD-RS sets if and only if failureDetectionSet 1 and failureDetectionSet2 are configured for the active DL BWP of the Serving Cell. When the SCG is deactivated, the UE performs beam failure detection on the PSCell if bfd-and-RLM is set to true.

RRC configures the following parameters in the beamFailureRecoveryConfig, beamFailureRecoverySpCellConfig, beamFailureRecoverySCellConfig and the radioLinkMonitoringConfig for the Beam Failure Detection and Recovery procedure:
- beamFailurelnstanceMaxCount for the beam failure detection (per Serving Cell or per BFD-RS set of Serving Cell configured with two BFD-RS sets);
- beamFailureDetectionTimer for the beam failure detection (per Serving Cell or per BFD-RS set of Serving Cell configured with two BFD-RS sets);
- beamFailureRecoveryTimer for the beam failure recovery procedure for SpCell;
- rsrp-ThresholdSSB: an RSRP threshold for the SpCell beam failure recovery;

ETSI