<!-- Page 135 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
134
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.18.18 Timing offset adjustments for IAB

For IAB operation, in order to achieve time-domain synchronization across multiple backhaul hops, a timing adjustment may be provided to an IAB node by its parent node. Two different values may be provided, related to Case-1/Case-6, and Case-7 timing modes respectively. The Timing Delta MAC CE carries \( \mathrm{T}_{\text {deta }} \) which is used to determine the [ABDU DL Tx timing adjustment for the Case-1 timing mode, and to determine the IAB-DU DL Tx and IAB-MT UL Tx timing adjustment for the Case-6 timing mode. The Case-7 Timing advance offset MAC CE carries \( \mathrm{T}_{0[5 s e, 2} \) which is used to determine the IAB-MT UL Tx timing adjustment for the Case-7 timing mode.

Upon reception of a Timing Delta MAC CE the IAB node shall:
- apply the value of \( \mathrm{T}_{\text {delta }} \) as specified in TS 38.213 [6].

Upon reception of a Case-7 Timing advance offset MAC CE the IAB node shall:
- apply the value of \( \mathrm{T}_{\text {orset, } 2} \) as specified in TS 38.213 [6].
5.18.19 Guard symbols for IAB

For [AB operation, the MAC entity on the [AB-DU or [AB-donor-DU reserves a sufficient number of symbols at the beginning and/or the end of slots where the child [AB-node switches operation from its IAB-DU to its IAB-MT function and operation from its [AB-MT to its [AB-DU function. The MAC entity on the [AB-DU or [AB-donor-DU informs the child node about the number of guard symbols it provides via the Provided Guard Symbols MAC CE. The [AB-MT on the child node may inform the parent [AB-DU or [AB-donor-DU about the number of guard symbols desired via the Desired Guard Symbols MAC CE. [AB-MT transmission timing modes are specified in clause 14 of TS 38.213 [6].

Upon reception of a Provided Guard Symbols MAC CE the MAC entity shall:
- indicate to lower layers the number of provided guard symbols and the SCS configuration for the indicated Serving Cell.

The MAC entity may:
\( 1> \) if a Desired Guard Symbol query has not been triggered:
\( 2> \) trigger a Desired Guard Symbol query for this Serving Cell.
If the MAC entity has UL resources allocated for new transmission the MAC entity shall:
1> for each Desired Guard Symbol query that has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if the allocated UL resources can accommodate a Desired Guard Symbols MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of LCP as defined in clause 5.4.3.1:

3> instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the Desired Guard Symbols MAC CE;
3> cancel this Desired Guard Symbol query.
For Case-1 timing mode, a separate value for the number of guard symbols is specified for each of the following eight switching scenarios (see Table 5.18.19-1).

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 5.18.19-1: Switching scenarios and relevant guard symbols for Case-1 timing mode}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
\hline \multicolumn{2}{|c|}{Switching scenario} & Field for number of guard symbols in MAC CE \\
\hline \multirow[t]{4}{*}{IAB-MT operation to IABDU operation} & MT Rx to DU Tx & \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{1} \) \\
\hline & MT Rx to DU Rx & \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{2} \) \\
\hline & MT Tx to DU Tx & \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{3} \) \\
\hline & MT Tx to DU Rx & \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{4} \) \\
\hline \multirow[t]{4}{*}{IAB-DU operation to IABMT operation} & DU Rx to MT Tx & \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{5} \) \\
\hline & DU Rx to MT Rx & \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{6} \) \\
\hline & DU Tx to MT Tx & \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{7} \) \\
\hline & DU Tx to MT Rx & NmbGS \( { }_{8} \) \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

ETSI