<!-- Page 97 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
96
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) start the \( d r x \)-RetransmissionTimer \( U L \) for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the expiry of drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL.
\( 1> \) if a HARQ-RTT-Timer UL-NTN expires:
\( 2> \) start the \( d r x \)-RetransmissionTimerUL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the expiry of HARQ-RTT-Timer UL-NTN.

1> if a drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerSL expires:
\( 2> \) if a HARQ NACK feedback for the corresponding HARQ process is transmitted on PUCCH; or
\( 2> \) if a HARQ NACK feedback for the corresponding HARQ process is generated but not transmitted on PUCCH; or
\( 2> \) if the PUCCH resource is not configured for the SL grant:
3> start the drx-RetransmissionTimerSL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the expiry of drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerSL.

NOTE: The UE handles the drx-RetransmissionTimerSL operation when sl-PUCCH-Config is configured by RRC but PUCCH resource is not scheduled same as when sl-PUCCH-Config is not configured.
\( 1> \) if a DRX Command MAC CE indicated by PDCCH addressed to C-RNTI or CS-RNTI, or by a configured downlink assignment for unicast transmission or a Long DRX Command MAC CE is received:
\( 2> \) stop drx-onDurationTimer for each DRX group;
\( 2> \) stop drx-InactivityTimer for each DRX group.
\( 1> \) if drx-InactivityTimer for a DRX group expires:
\( 2> \) if the Short DRX cycle is configured:
3> start or restart drx-ShortCycleTimer for this DRX group in the first symbol after the expiry of \( d r x \) InactivityTimer;
\( 3> \) use the Short DRX cycle for this DRX group.
\( 2> \) else:
\( 3> \) use the Long DRX cycle for this DRX group.
1> if a DRX Command MAC CE indicated by PDCCH addressed to C-RNTI or CS-RNTI, or by a configured downlink assignment for unicast transmission is received:
\( 2> \) if the Short DRX cycle is configured:
3> start or restart drx-ShortCycleTimer for each DRX group in the first symbol after the end of DRX Command MAC CE reception;

3> use the Short DRX cycle for each DRX group.
\( 2> \) else:
3> use the Long DRX cycle for each DRX group.
\( 1> \) if drx-ShortCycleTimer for a DRX group expires:
\( 2> \) use the Long DRX cycle for this DRX group.
\( 1> \) if a Long DRX Command MAC CE is received:
\( 2> \) stop drx-ShortCycleTimer for each DRX group;
\( 2> \) use the Long DRX cycle for each DRX group.
1> if the drx-NonIntegerLongCycleStartOffset is configured:

ETSI