<!-- Page 83 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
82
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) else:
\( 3> \) report Short BSR.
For Regular and Periodic BSR, the MAC entity for which logicalChannelGroupIAB-Ext is configured by upper layers shall:
\( 1> \) if more than one LCG has data available for transmission when the MAC PDU containing the BSR is to be built:
\( 2> \) if the maximum LCG ID among the configured LCGs is 7 or lower:
\( 3> \) report Long BSR for all LCGs which have data available for transmission.
\( 2> \) else:
3> report Extended Long BSR for all LCGs which have data available for transmission.
1> else:
\( 2> \) report Extended Short BSR.
For Padding BSR, the MAC entity for which logicalChannelGrouplAB-Ext is not configured by upper layers shall:
\( 1> \) if the number of padding bits is equal to or larger than the size of the Short BSR plus its subheader but smaller than the size of the Long BSR plus its subheader:
\( 2> \) if more than one LCG has data available for transmission when the BSR is to be built:
\( 3> \) if the number of padding bits is equal to the size of the Short BSR plus its subheader:
\( 4> \) report Short Truncated BSR of the LCG with the highest priority logical channel with data available for transmission.
\( 3> \) else:
\( 4> \) report Long Truncated BSR of the LCG(s) with the logical channels having data available for transmission following a decreasing order of the highest priority logical channel (with or without data available for transmission) in each of these LCG(s), and in case of equal priority, in increasing order of LCGID.
\( 2> \) else:
\( 3> \) report Short BSR.
1> else if for at least one LCG configured with additionalBS-TableAllowed, the amount of UL data available for transmission when the MAC PDU containing the BSR is to be built is within the buffer sizes specified in Table 6.1.3.1-3 and the number of padding bits is equal to or larger than the size of the Refined Long BSR plus its subheader:
\( 2> \) report Refined Long BSR for all LCGs which have data available for transmission.
\( 1> \) else if the number of padding bits is equal to or larger than the size of the Long BSR plus its subheader:
\( 2> \) report Long BSR for all LCGs which have data available for transmission.
For Padding BSR, the MAC entity for which logicalChannelGroupIAB-Ext is configured by upper layers shall:
\( 1> \) if the number of padding bits is equal to or larger than the size of the Extended Short BSR plus its subheader but smaller than the size of the Extended Long BSR plus its subheader:
\( 2> \) if more than one LCG has data available for transmission when the BSR is to be built:
\( 3> \) if the number of padding bits is smaller than the size of the Extended Long Truncated BSR with zero Buffer Size field plus its subheader:
\( 4> \) report Extended Short Truncated BSR of the LCG with the highest priority logical channel with data available for transmission.

ETSI