<!-- Page 96 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
95
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) if this Serving Cell is configured with uplinkHARQ-Mode:
\( 3> \) if the corresponding HARQ process is configured as HARQModeA:
\( 4> \) set HARQ-RTT-TimerUL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process equal to drx-HARQ-RTTTimer UL plus the latest available UE-gNB RTT value;

4> if drx-LastTransmission UL is configured:
\( 5> \) start the HARQ-RTT-TimerUL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the last transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.
\( 4> \) else:
5> start the HARQ-RTT-TimerUL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the first transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.
\( 2> \) else:
3> if disableCG-RetransmissionMonitoring is not configured for the configured uplink grant:
\( 4> \) if \( d r x \)-LastTransmission \( U L \) is configured:
\( 5> \) start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the last transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.

4 else:
\( 5> \) start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the first transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.
\( 2> \) stop the \( d r x \)-RetransmissionTimer \( U L \) for the corresponding HARQ process at the first transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.

1> if a MAC PDU is transmitted in a configured sidelink grant:
\( 2> \) if the PUCCH resource is configured:
\( 3> \) start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerSL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding PUCCH transmission carrying the SL HARQ feedback; or

3> start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerSL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding PUCCH resource for the SL HARQ feedback when the PUCCH is not transmitted;

3> stop the drx-RetransmissionTimerSL for the corresponding HARQ process.
\( 2> \) else:
3> start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerSL for the corresponding HARQ process at the first symbol after the end of the corresponding PSSCH transmission;

3> stop the drx-RetransmissionTimerSL for the corresponding HARQ process.
\( 1> \) if a \( d r x \)-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL expires:
\( 2> \) if the data of the corresponding HARQ process was not successfully decoded:
3> start the \( d r x \)-RetransmissionTimerDL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the expiry of drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL.

1> if a HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-NTN expires:
\( 2> \) if the data of the corresponding HARQ process was not successfully decoded:
3> start the drx-RetransmissionTimerDL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the expiry of HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-NTN.
\( 1> \) if a \( d r x \)-HARQ-RTT-Timer \( U L \) expires:

ETSI