<!-- Page 27 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
26
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

4> set SCALING_FACTOR_BI to the scalingFactorBI.
\( 2> \) else if the Random Access procedure was initiated for reconfiguration with sync or for SCG activation; and
\( 2> \) if rach-ConfigDedicated is configured for the selected carrier; and
\( 2> \) if ra-PrioritizationTwoStep is configured in the rach-ConfigDedicated:
3> set PREAMBLE_POWER_RAMPING_STEP to the powerRampingStepHighPriority included in the raPrioritization TwoStep in rach-ConfigDedicated;

3> if scalingFactorBI is configured in ra-PrioritizationTwoStep in the rach-ConfigDedicated:
\( 4> \) set SCALING_FACTOR_BI to the scalingFactorBI.
2> else if both ra-PrioritizationForSicingTwoStep for a NSAG-ID and ra-
PrioritizationForAccessIdentityTwoStep are configured for the selected carrier; and
\( 2> \) if the MAC entity is provided by upper layers with both this NSAG-ID and Access Identity 1 or 2; and
\( 2> \) if for at least one of these Access [dentities the corresponding bit in the \( r a \)-PrioritizationForAI is set to one:
3> if enableRA-PrioritizationForSlicing is set to true:
4> if powerRampingStepHighPriority is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForSlicingTwoStep for this NSAG-ID:
\( 5> \) set PREAMBLE_POWER_RAMPING_STEP to the powerRampingStepHighPriority.
4> if scalingFactorB/is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForSlicingTwoStep for this NSAG-ID:
\( 5> \) set SCALING_FACTOR_BI to the scalingFactorBI.
3> else if enableRA-PrioritizationForSlicing is set to false:
4> if powerRampingStepHighPriority is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForAccessIdentityTwoStep:
\( 5> \) set PREAMBLE_POWER_RAMPING_STEP to the powerRampingStepHighPriority.
4> if scalingFactorBI is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForAccessIdentityTwoStep:
\( 5> \) set SCALING_FACTOR_BI to the scalingFactorBI.
\( 2> \) else if ra-PrioritizationForSlicingTwoStep for a NSAG-ID is configured for the selected carrier; and
\( 2> \) if the MAC entity is provided by upper layers with this NSAG-ID:
3> if powerRampingStepHighPriority is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForSlicingTwoStep for this NSAG-ID:

4> set PREAMBLE_POWER_RAMPING_STEP to the power_RampingStepHighPriority.
3> if scalingFactorBI is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForSlicingTwoStep for this NSAG-ID:
4> set SCALING_FACTOR_BI to the scalingFactorBI.
\( 2> \) else if ra-PrioritizationForAccessIdentityTwoStep is configured for the selected carrier; and
\( 2> \) if the MAC entity is provided by upper layers with Access Identity 1 or 2; and
\( 2> \) if for at least one of these Access [dentities the corresponding bit in the ra-PrioritizationForAI is set to one:
3> if powerRampingStepHighPriority is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForAccessIdentityTwoStep:
4> set PREAMBLE_POWER_RAMPING_STEP to the powerRampingStepHighPriority.
3> if scalingFactorBI is configured in the ra-PrioritizationForAccessIdentityTwoStep:
4> set SCALING_FACTOR_BI to the scalingFactorBI.

ETSI