<!-- Page 288 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
287
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
6.1.3.68 NCR Access Link Beam Indication MAC CE

The NCR Access Link Beam Indication MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size and consists of the following fields (Figure 6.1.3.68-1):
- Resource set ID: This field is used to indicate one of forwarding semi-persistent resource lists signalled in NCRSemiPersistentFwdResourceSet (as specified in TS 38.331 [5]). The field contains a list ID (comprising all 5 bits);
- A/D: If the value of this field is set to 1 , the forwarding resource list indicated in Resource set ID field is being activated. If the value of this field is set to 0 , the forwarding resource list indicated in Resource set ID field is being deactivated;
- C: If the value of this field is set to 1 , the Beam index ID, field is present. If the value of this field is set to 0 , the Beam index \( I D_{1} \) field is absent. This field can be set to 1 only if MAC CE is used for activation, i.e., when the A/D field is set to 1 . If MAC CE is used for deactivation, this field is set to 0 ;
- Beam index \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) : This field indicates the updated beam index for forwarding resources within the list indicated by the Resource set ID field. Beam index ID0 indicates the beam index for the first forwarding resource within the list; Beam index \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) indicates the beam index for the second forwarding resource within the list and so on. The length of the field is 6 bits; the number of updated beams, \( N \), is equal to the number of the beam indications in the semi-persistent resource set with ID Resource set ID;- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.68-1: NCR Access Link Beam Indication MAC CE
6.1.3.69 SL LBT failure MAC CEs

The SL LBT failure MAC CE of one octet is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2. It has a fixed size of 8bits. The priority of the Sidelink LBT failure MAC CE is fixed to ' 1 ':
- \( \quad R_{1} \) : If there is a RB set configured for the MAC entity with RB set index \( i \) as specified in TS 38.214 [7] and if Sidelink consistent LBT failure have been triggered and not cancelled in this RB set, the field is set to 1 , otherwise the field is set to 0 ;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.69-1: SL LBT failure MAC CE
6.1.3.70 Enhanced Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE for Joint TCI States

The Enhanced Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE for Joint TCI States is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-lb. It has a variable size consisting of following fields:

ETSI