<!-- Page 294 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
293
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.75-1: LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE

NOTE 2: If UE receives the LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE with Target Configuration ID as invalid, as specified in TS 38.331 [5], the procedue of handling LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE in clause 5.18 .35 does not apply.
6.1.3.76 Candidate Cell TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The Candidate Cell TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size consisting of following fields:
- Candidate Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of an LTM candidate cell for which the MAC CE applies, corresponding to the ltm-Candidateld minus 1 as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 3 bits;
- \( \mathrm{P}_{1} \) : This field indicates whether each TCI codepoint has multiple TCI states or single TCI state. If the \( \mathrm{P}_{1} \) field is set to 1 , the \( i^{\text {th }} \) TCI codepoint includes the DL TCI state and the UL TCI state. If the \( \mathrm{P}_{1} \) field is set to 0 , the \( i^{\text {th }} \) TCI codepoint includes only the DL/joint TCI state or the UL TCI state. The codepoint to which a TCI state is mapped is determined by its ordinal position among all the TCI state ID fields;
- D/U: This field indicates whether the TCI state ID in the same octet is for a joint/downlink or an uplink TCI state. If this field is set to 1 , the TCI state ID in the same octet is for joint/downlink TCI state. If this field is set to 0 , the TCI state ID in the same octet is for uplink TCI state;
- TCI state ID: This field indicates the TCI state identified by TCI-Stateld in Itm-DL-OrJointTCIStateToAddModList or TCI-UL-Stateld in Itm-UL-TCI-StatesToAddModList as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. If \( \mathrm{D} / \mathrm{U} \) is set to 1, 7-bits length TCI state ID i.e. TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5] is used. If \( \mathrm{D} / \mathrm{U} \) is set to 0 , the most significant bit of TCI state ID is considered as the reserved bit and remaining 6 bits indicate the TCI-UL-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The maximum number of activated TCI states is 16 ;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI