<!-- Page 121 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
120
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) if the SCell is configured as a scheduled cell in MC-DCI-SetOfCells and with the search space for DCI to schedule multiple cells (as specified in TS 38.213 [6]) of the same searchSpaceld as the serving cell in which MC-DCI-SetOfCells containing the SCell is configured:

3> not monitor the PDCCH for scheduling multiple cells (as specified in TS 38.213 [6]) for the set of cells in MC-DCI-SetOfCells including the SCell.

1> if a BWP is deactivated or the Serving Cell is PSCell of deactivated SCG:
\( 2> \) not transmit on UL-SCH on the BWP;
\( 2> \) not transmit on RACH on the BWP;
\( 2> \) not monitor the PDCCH on the BWP ;
\( 2> \) not transmit PUCCH on the BWP ;
\( 2> \) not report CSI for the BWP;
\( 2> \) not transmit SRS on the BWP;
\( 2> \) not receive \( \mathrm{DL}-\mathrm{SCH} \) on the BWP ;
\( 2> \) clear any configured downlink assignment and configured uplink grant of configured grant Type 2 on the BWP;
\( 2> \) suspend any configured uplink grant of configured grant Type 1 on the inactive BWP.
Upon initiation of the Random Access procedure on a Serving Cell, after the selection of carrier for performing Random Access procedure as specified in clause 5-1-1, the MAC entity shall for the selected carrier of this Serving Cell:
\( 1> \) if PRACH occasions are not configured for the active UL BWP:
\( 2> \) if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE; and
\( 2> \) if initialUplinkBWP-RedCap is configured:
3> switch the active UL BWP to BWP indicated by initialUplinkBWP-RedCap.
\( 2> \) else:
\( 3> \) switch the active UL BWP to BWP indicated by initialUplinkBWP.
\( 2> \) if the Serving Cell is an SpCell:
3> if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE; and
3> if initialDownlinkBWP-RedCap is configured:
\( 4> \) switch the active DL BWP to BWP indicated by mittalDownlinkBWP-RedCap.
3> else:
4> switch the active DL BWP to BWP indicated by mittalDownlinkBWP.
1> else:
\( 2> \) if the Serving Cell is an SpCell:
\( 3> \) if the active DL BWP does not have the same bwp-Id as the active UL BWP:
4> switch the active DL BWP to the DL BWP with the same bwp-Id as the active UL BWP.
1> stop the bwp-InactivityTimer associated with the active DL BWP of this Serving Cell, if running.
1> if the Serving Cell is SCell:
\( 2> \) stop the bwp-InactivityTimer associated with the active DL BWP of SpCell, if running.

ETSI