<!-- Page 275 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
274
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

TCI State is used, 7 -bits length TCI state [D i.e. TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5] is used. If separate downlink and uplink TCI State is used, the most significant bit of TCI state ID is considered as a reserved bit and the remaining 6 bits indicate the TCI-UL-State-Id as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 7 bits. This field is only present if MAC CE is used for activation of SP SRS resource set, i.e. the A/D field is set to 1 , or for AP SRS resource set;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.59-1: SP/AP SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE
6.1.3.60 Serving Cell Set based SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE

The Serving Cell Set based SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified. It has a variable size with following fields:
- SRS Resource's Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell, which contains the indicated SP/AP SRS Resource. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the Serving Cell associated with all TCI States indicated by the TCI State IDi fields. The length of the field is 5 bits. The indicated Serving Cell is configured as part of simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedListl or simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedList2 in TS 38.331 [5], and this MAC CE applies to all the Serving Cells configured in the set simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedListl or simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedList2, respectively;
- SRS Resource's BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], which contains the indicated AP/SP SRS Resource. If the C field is set to 0, this field also indicates the identity of the BWP associated with all TCI States indicated by the TCI State IDi fields. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- C: This field indicates whether the octets containing TCI State Serving Cell ID field(s) and TCI State BWP ID field(s) are present. If this field is set to 1 , the TCI State Serving Cell ID field(s) and TCI State BWP ID field(s) are present, otherwise they are not present so MAC entity shall ignore TCI State Serving Cell ID field(s) and TCI State BWP ID field(s);
- SRS Resource ID: This field indicates the SP/AP SRS Resource ID identified by SRS-Resourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- TCI State Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell on which the TCI State used for SRS Resource ID \( { }_{1} \) is located. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- TCI State BWP ID: This field indicates a BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], on which the TCI State used for SRS Resource ID, is located. If value of unifiedTCIStateType in the Serving Cell indicated by TCI State Serving Cell ID1 is joint, this field indicates a DL BWP. If

ETSI