<!-- Page 17 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
16
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

When the UE is configured with DAPS handover, two MAC entities are used by the UE: one for the source cell (source MAC entity) and one for the target cell (target MAC entity).

The functions of the different MAC entities in the UE operate independently unless otherwise specified. The timers and parameters used in each MAC entity are configured independently unless otherwise specified. The Serving Cells, CRNTI, radio bearers, logical channels, upper and lower layer entities, LCGs, and HARQ entities considered by each MAC entity refer to those mapped to that MAC entity unless otherwise specified.

If the MAC entity is configured with one or more SCells, there are multiple DL-SCH and there may be multiple ULSCH as well as multiple RACH per MAC entity; one DL-SCH, one UL-SCH, and one RACH on the SpCell, one DLSCH, zero or one UL-SCH and zero or one RACH for each SCell.

If the MAC entity is not configured with any SCell, there is one DL-SCH, one UL-SCH, and one RACH per MAC entity.

If the UE is configured with LTM candidate cell(s), there may be zero or one RACH for each LTM candidate cell, which shares the same corresponding MAC entity with Serving Cell.

Figure 4.2.2-1 illustrates one possible structure of the MAC entity when SCG is not configured and for each MAC entity during DAPS handover.

Figure 4.2.2-1: MAC structure overview

Figure 4.2.2-2 illustrates one possible structure for the MAC entities when MCG and SCG are configured.

ETSI