<!-- Page 187 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
186
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 3> \) select the carrier and the associated pool of resources.
\( 2> \) else:
\( 3> \) for each carrier configured by upper layers on which the sidelink logical channel is allowed, if the CBR of the carrier is below sl-threshCBR-FreqReselection associated with the priority of the sidelink logical channel:
\( 4> \) consider the carrier as a candidate carrier for TX carrier (re-)selection, for each carrier configured by upper layers on which the sidelink logical channel is allowed.

The MAC entity shall select a carrier on which the SL-CSI Request was received as a carrier for transmission of a Sidelink CSI Reporting MAC CE. The MAC entity shall for the Sidelink CSI Reporting MAC CE select any pool of resources among the pools of resources except the pool(s) in sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfig, sl-BWPDiscPoolConfigCommon, sl-BWP-PoolConfigA2X or sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X, if configured or Dedicated SLPRS resource pool, if configured.

The MAC entity shall select a carrier on which a Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Request was received as a carrier for transmission of a Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE. The MAC entity shall for the Sidelink InterUE Coordination Information MAC CE select any pool of resources among the pools of resources except the pool(s) in sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfig, sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, sl-BWP-PoolConfigA2X or sl-BWPPoolConfigCommonA2 \( X \), if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if one or more carriers are considered as the candidate carriers for TX carrier (re-)selection:
\( 2> \) if Tx carrier (re-)selection is triggered, for each sidelink logical channel allowed on the carrier where data is available:
\( 3> \) select one or more carrier( \( s \) ) among the candidate carriers with increasing order of CBR from the lowest CBR, and select the associated pool(s) of resources:

4 if \( s \)-HARQ-FeedbackEnabled is set to enabled for the sidelink logical channel:
\( 5> \) select one pool of resources configured with PSFCH resources among the pools of resources except the pool(s) in sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfig or sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, sl-BWPPoolConfigA2X or sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X, if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.

4> else:
\( 5> \) select any pool of resources among the pools of resources except the pool(s) in \( s l-B W P- \) DiscPoolConfig or sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, sl-BWP-PoolConfigA2X or sl-BWPPoolConfigCommonA2X, if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.

NOTE 2: It is left to UE implementation how many carriers to select based on UE capability.
NOTE 3: It is left to UE implementation to determine the sidelink logical channels among the sidelink logical channels where data is available and that are allowed on the carrier for which Tx carrier (re-) selection is triggered.

NOTE 4: It is left to UE implementation to determine whether the resource pool for CBR measurement is reused as the resource pool for SL grant creation.

NOTE 5: For the transmission of Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Request MAC CE, the MAC entity selects the TX pool of resource where the IUC resource set is required. For the transmission of Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE, the MAC entity selects the TX pool of resource where the IUC resource set is located.
5.22.1.12 SL-PRS Resource Request

SL-PRS transmission can be triggered either by lower layer signalling from the peer UE or the UE's own upper layers. The SL-PRS Resource Request procedure is used to provide gNB with information about the triggered SL-PRS transmission.

ETSI