<!-- Page 143 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
142
ETSITS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

1> if all triggered consistent LBT failures are cancelled in this Serving Cell; or
\( 1> \) if the Ibt-FailureDetectionTimer expires; or
\( 1> \) if \( I b t \)-FailureDetectionTimer or \( I b t \)-FailureInstanceMaxCount is reconfigured by upper layers:
\( 2> \) set LBT_COUNTER to 0 .
The MAC entity shall:
1> if consistent LBT failure has been triggered, and not cancelled, in the SpCell; and
1> if UL-SCH resources are available for a new transmission in the SpCell and these UL-SCH resources can accommodate the LBT failure MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of logical channel prioritization:
\( 2> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the LBT failure MAC CE.
\( 1> \) else if consistent LBT failure has been triggered, and not cancelled, in at least one SCell:
2 if UL-SCH resources are available for a new transmission in a Serving Cell for which consistent LBT failure has not been triggered and these UL-SCH resources can accommodate the LBT failure MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of logical channel prioritization:
\( 3> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the LBT failure MAC CE.
\( 2> \) else:
3> trigger a Scheduling Request for LBT failure MAC CE.
1> if a MAC PDU is transmitted and LBT failure indication is not received from lower layers and this PDU includes the LBT failure MAC CE:
\( 2> \) cancel all the triggered consistent LBT failure(s) in SCell(s) for which consistent LBT failure was indicated in the transmitted LBT failure MAC CE.

1> if consistent LBT failure is triggered and not cancelled in the SpCell; and
1> if the Random Access procedure is considered successfully completed (see clause 5.1) in the SpCell:
\( 2> \) cancel all the triggered consistent LBT failure(s) in the SpCell.
\( 1> \) if \( l b t \)-FailureRecoveryConfig is reconfigured by upper layers for a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) cancel all the triggered consistent LBT failure(s) in this Serving Cell.
5.22 SL-SCH Data transfer and SL-PRS transmission
5.22.1 SL-SCH Data and SL-PRS transmission
5.22.1.1 SL Grant reception and SCI transmission

Sidelink grant is received dynamically on the PDCCH, configured semi-persistently by RRC or autonomously selected by the MAC entity. The MAC entity may have a sidelink grant on an active SL BWP to determine a set of PSCCH duration(s) in which transmission of SCI occurs and a set of PSSCH duration(s) in which transmission of SL-SCH associated with the SCI occurs. The MAC entity may have a sidelink grant on the Shared SL-PRS resource pool of an active BWP to determine a set of PSCCH durations(s) in which transmission of SCI occurs and a set of SL-PRS transmission occasion(s) and PSSCH duration(s) in which transmission of SL-PRS and SL-SCH associated with the SCI occur. The MAC entity may have a sidelink grant on the Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool of an active BWP to determine a set of PSCCH duration(s) in which transmission of SCI occurs and a set of SL-PRS transmission occasion(s) in which transmission of SL-PRS associated to the SCI occurs. A sidelink grant addressed to SL-CS-RNTI with NDI = 1 is considered as a dynamic sidelink grant. A sidelink grant addressed to SL-PRS-CS-RNTI with Activation/Release indication = 1 as in clause 7.3.1.4.3 in TS 38.212 [9] is considered as a dynamic sidelink grant.

ETSI