<!-- Page 76 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
75
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

CE for Enhanced Single Entry PHR for multiple TRP or MAC CE for Enhanced Multiple Entry PHR for multiple TRP, or MAC CE for Enhanced Single Entry PHR for multiple TRP STx2P or MAC CE for Enhanced Multiple Entry PHR for multiple TRP STx2P;
- MAC CE for Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Request;
- MAC CE for the number of Desired Guard Symbols;
- MAC CE for Case-6 Timing Request;
- MAC CE for (Extended) Pre-emptive BSR;
- MAC CE for SL-BSR, with exception of SL-BSR prioritized according to clause 5.22.1.6 and SL-BSR included for padding;
- MAC CE for IAB-MT Recommended Beam Indication, or MAC CE for Desired IAB-MT PSD range, or MAC CE for Desired DL Tx Power Adjustment;
- data from any Logical Channel, except data from UL-CCCH;
- MAC CE for Recommended bit rate query;
- MAC CE for BSR included for padding;
- MAC CE for SL-BSR included for padding.

NOTE 2: Prioritization among MAC CEs of same priority is up to UE implementation.
The MAC entity shall prioritize any MAC CE listed in a higher order than 'data from any Logical Channel, except data from UL-CCCH' over NR sidelink transmission.
5.4.3.2 Multiplexing of MAC Control Elements and MAC SDUs

The MAC entity shall multiplex MAC CEs and MAC SDUs in a MAC PDU according to clauses 5.4.3.1 and 6.1.2.
NOTE: Content of a MAC PDU does not change after being built for transmission on a dynamic uplink grant, regardless of LBT outcome.
5.4.4 Scheduling Request

The Scheduling Request (SR) is used for requesting UL-SCH resources for new transmission.
The MAC entity may be configured with zero, one, or more SR configurations. An SR configuration consists of a set of PUCCH resources for SR across different BWPs and cells. For a logical channel or for SCell beam failure recovery (see clause 5.17) and for consistent LBT failure recovery (see clause 5.21), at most one PUCCH resource for SR is configured per BWP. For a logical channel serving a radio bearer configured with SDT, PUCCH resource for SR is not configured for SDT. For beam failure recovery of BFD-RS set(s) of Serving Cell, up to two PUCCH resources for SR is configured per BWP. For positioning measurement gap activation/deactivation request, a dedicated SR configuration is configured.

Each SR configuration corresponds to one or more logical channels and/or to SCell beam failure recovery and/or to consistent LBT failure recovery and/or to beam failure recovery of a BFD-RS set and/or to positioning measurement gap activation/deactivation request. Each logical channel, SCell beam failure recovery, beam failure recovery of a BFDRS set and consistent LBT failure recovery, may be mapped to zero or one SR configuration, which is configured by RRC. The SR configuration of the logical channel that triggered a BSR (clause 5.4.5) or a DSR (clause 5.4.9) or the SCell beam failure recovery or the beam failure recovery of a BFD-RS set or the consistent LBT failure recovery (clause 5.21) (if such a configuration exists) or positioning measurement gap activation/deactivation request (clause 5.25 ) is considered as corresponding SR configuration for the triggered SR. Any SR configuration may be used for an SR triggered by Pre-emptive BSR (clause 5.4.7) or Timing Advance reporting (clause 5.4.8).

RRC configures the following parameters for the scheduling request procedure:
- sr-ProhibitTimer (per SR configuration);
- sr-TransMax (per SR configuration).

ETSI