<!-- Page 207 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
206
ETSITS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.34.3 Cell Discontinuous Reception

Cell DRX is configured if cellDTX-DRX-ConfigType is set to \( d r x \) or \( d t x d r x \). Cell DRX operation is activated and deactivated for each Serving Cell by:
- receiving a cell DRX indication from lower layers indicating activation or deactivation of cell DRX operation, as specified in TS 38.213 [6];
- configuring cellDTX-DRX-Config by upper layers: if cell DRX is configured and ActivationStatus is set to activated, cell DRX operation is activated upon cell DRX configuration; if cell DRX is configured and ActivationStatus is set to deactivated, cell DRX operation is deactivated upon cell DRX configuration; if cellDTX-DRX-Config is released, cell DRX operation is deactivated and all the corresponding configurations are released.

When cell DRX is configured and activated for a Serving Cell, the cell DRX Active Period includes the time while:
- cellDTX-DRX-onDurationTimer is running for the associated Serving Cell.

For each Serving Cell configured with cell DRX, the MAC entity shall:
1> if cell DRX is activated for this Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) if \( [(\mathrm{SFN} \times 10)+ \) subframe number \( ] \) modulo \( ( \) cellDTX-DRX-Cycle \( )=( \) cellDTX-DRX-StartOffset \( ): \)
3> start cellDTX-DRX-onDurationTimer for this serving cell after cellDTX-DRX-SlotOffset from the beginning of the subframe.
\( 1> \) if cell DRX is activated and the Serving Cell is not in the cell DRX Active Period:
\( 2> \) not instruct the physical layer to signal a SR on a PUCCH resource for SR;
\( 2> \) not increment the SR_COUNTER for a SR;
\( 2> \) not start the sr-ProhibitTimer for a SR;
\( 2> \) not deliver any configured uplink grant and the associated HARQ information to the HARQ entity;
\( 2> \) not instruct a HARQ process associated with a configured uplink grant to trigger a new transmission or a retransmission;

2> not report CSI on PUCCH and semi-persistent CSI configured on PUSCH;
2> if an emergency service is initiated by upper layers and this Serving Cell is the SpCell:
\( 3> \) initiate a Random Access procedure (as specified in clause 5.1.1).
NOTE: How the MAC layer in the UE is aware of an ongoing emergency service is up to UE implementation.
6 Protocol Data Units, formats and parameters
6.1 Protocol Data Units
6.1.1 General

A MAC PDU is a bit string that is byte aligned (i.e. multiple of 8 bits) in length. In the figures in clause 6 , bit strings are represented by tables in which the most significant bit is the leftmost bit of the first line of the table, the least significant bit is the rightmost bit on the last line of the table, and more generally the bit string is to be read from left to right and then in the reading order of the lines. The bit order of each parameter field within a MAC PDU is represented with the first and most significant bit in the leftmost bit and the last and least significant bit in the rightmost bit.

A MAC SDU is a bit string that is byte aligned (i.e. multiple of 8 bits) in length. A MAC SDU is included into a MAC PDU from the first bit onward.

ETSI