<!-- Page 277 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
276
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

restricted beam). The field is set to 1 to indicate that Number of cell configurations [D, field is included. The length of the field is 1 bits;
- \( \mathrm{C}_{12} \) : This field indicates whether the child IAB-DU beam indicated with the Child IAB-DU Resource set ID, field is associated with one or more uplink or downlink [AB-MT beams, indicated with the [AB-MT Resource set [D] fields. \( \mathrm{C}_{02} \) refers to the first restricted beam within the resource set, \( \mathrm{C}_{12} \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 1 to indicate that at least one [AB-MT Resource set [ \( D_{1} \) field is included (and that Number of associated [AB-MT beams ID, is included), and it is set to 0 to indicate that no [AB-MT Resource set ID \( { }_{11} \) field is present (and that the Number of associated IAB-MT beams [ \( D_{1} \) is absent). The length of the field is 1 bit;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- Child IAB-DU Resource set ID: an indication of the child IAB-DU's beam in the direction of which simultaneous operation is restricted. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- Number of cell configurations ID. This field indicates the number of cell configurations associated with the beam restriction indicated in Child IAB-DU Resource set [D1. Number of cell configurations [D0 refers to the first restricted beam within the resource set, Number of cell configurations ID \( _{1} \) to the second one and so on. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- Cell info type \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) : indicates the type of information included in the Cell info \( \left[D_{13}\right. \) field. If the value of the field is set to zero, the combination of \{MT CC, DU cell\} is included in the Cell info \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{1}\right. \) field, by including the IABDU cell in the first nine bits of the field, and the IAB-MT Serving Cell index into the next 5 bits of the field,. If the value of the field is set to one, only DU cell is included in the Cell info \( \mathrm{ID}_{1} \) field, by including the IAB-DU cell in the first nine bits of the field, and by setting the remaining five bits to zero. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- \( \mathrm{M}_{\mathrm{y}} \) : This field indicates whether the octet containing multiplexing mode info (containing the Multiplexing mode info \( \mathrm{ID}_{1} \) field) is included or not. \( \mathrm{M}_{10} \) refers to the first combination of \{MT CC, DU cell\} associated with Child [AB-DU Resource set [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1}, \mathrm{M}_{1} \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 1 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is included, and it is set to 0 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is not present. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- Cell info IDy: indicates the cell configuration associated with beam restriction indicated in Child IAB-DU Resource set \( I D_{1} \). Cell info \( I D_{10} \) field refers to the first cell configuration associated with the beam restriction indicated in Child IAB-DU Resource set I \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \), Cell info \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{11}\right. \) field refers to the second cell configuration associated with the beam restriction indicated in Child IAB-DU Resource set ID, and so on. The length of the field is 15 bits;
- Multiplexing mode info \( \mathrm{ID}_{\mathrm{y}} \) : The two rightmost bits indicate which of the four multiplexing modes defined in TS 38.473 [27] is applicable. The third rightmost bit of this field indicates whether multiplexing restrictions mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the field are applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. This bit is set to 1 when multiplexing mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the Multiplexing mode info \( \mathrm{ID}_{\mathrm{y}} \) field is applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. This field is set to 0 when multiplexing mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the Multiplexing mode info \( \mathrm{ID}_{\mathrm{y}} \) field is not applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. The remaining 5 bits of this field are set to zero. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- Number of associated IAB-MT beams IDi: This field indicates the number of IAB-MT beams associated with the beam indicated in Child IAB-DU Resource set [D]. Number of associated IAB-MT beams [D0 refers to the first restricted beam within the resource set, Number of associated IAB-MT beams [D1 to the second one and so on. The length of the field is 8 bits. The number of IAB-MT beams associated with the beam indicated in Child IABDU Resource set \( \mathrm{ID}_{1} \) is contained in the 3 rightmost bits of the field while the remaining 5 bits are considered as reserved bits;
- Associated IAB-MT's beams type ID \( _{\text {1) }} \) : This field determines the type of information used as an indication of an uplink or downlink [AB-MT beam associated with the child [AB-DU's restricted beams, indicated with the [ABMT Resource set \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{1}\right. \) - If the value of the field is 00 , the information included in the [AB-MT Resource set [D \( { }_{1} \) field is the TCI state ID (contained in the 7 rightmost bits of the field). If the value of the field is 01 , the information included in the IAB-MT Resource set ID, field is the SSB ID (contained in the 6 rightmost bits of the field). If the value of the field is 10 , the information included in the IAB-MT Resource set IDy field is the CSI-RS index (comprising all 8 bits), which is the NZP-CSI-RS-Resourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. If the value of the field is 11 , the information included in the 6 rightmost bits in the [AB-MT Resource set [ \( D_{1} \) field is the SRS-ResourcelD. The length of the field is 2 bits;

ETSI