<!-- Page 316 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
315
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 6.2.1-2c: Values of LCID for UL-SCH when the LX field is set to 1}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
\hline Codepoint & Index & LCID values \\
\hline 0 & ( \( 2^{16}+320 \) ) & CCCH of size 48 bits for an eRedCap UE \\
\hline 1 & ( \( 2^{16}+321 \) ) & CCCH of size 64 bits for an eRedCap UE \\
\hline 2 & ( \( 2^{16}+322 \) ) & CCCH of size 48 bits for PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK, except for an (e)RedCap UE \\
\hline 3 & ( \( 2^{16}+323 \) ) & CCCH of size 64 bits for PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK, except for an (e)RedCap UE \\
\hline 4 & ( \( 2^{16}+324 \) ) & CCCH of size 48 bits for PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK of a RedCap UE \\
\hline 5 & ( \( 2^{16}+325 \) ) & CCCH of size 64 bits for PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK of a RedCap UE \\
\hline 6 & ( \( 2^{16}+326 \) ) & CCCH of size 48 bits for PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK of an eRedCap UE \\
\hline 7 & ( \( 2^{16}+327 \) ) & CCCH of size 64 bits for PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK of an eRedCap UE \\
\hline 8 to 63 & ( \( 2^{16}+328 \) ) to ( \( 2^{16}+383 \) ) & Reserved \\
\hline \multicolumn{3}{|c|}{\begin{tabular}{l}
NOTE 1: The MAC entity may use the code point corresponding to a given feature or feature combination in Table 6.2.1-2c only if network indicates support for the corresponding feature or feature combination. \\
NOTE 2: CCCH of size 48 bits and CCCH of size 64 bits are referred to as CCCH and CCCH1, respectively, in TS 38.331 [5]. \\
NOTE 3: For UE capable of PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK, the MAC entity uses the code points corresponding to PUCCH repetition of Msg4 HARQ-ACK if numberOfMsg4HARQ-ACK-Repetitions is configured, and if rsrp-ThresholdMsg4HARQ-ACK is configured, the RSRP of the downlink pathloss reference is less than rsrp-ThresholdMsg4HARQ-ACK.
\end{tabular}} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
6.2.2 MAC subheader for Random Access Response

The MAC subheader consists of the following fields:
- E: The Extension field is a flag indicating if the MAC subPDU including this MAC subheader is the last MAC subPDU or not in the MAC PDU. The E field is set to 1 to indicate at least another MAC subPDU follows. The E field is set to 0 to indicate that the MAC subPDU including this MAC subheader is the last MAC subPDU in the MAC PDU;
- T: The Type field is a flag indicating whether the MAC subheader contains a Random Access Preamble ID or a Backoff Indicator. The \( T \) field is set to 0 to indicate the presence of a Backoff Indicator field in the subheader (BI). The T field is set to 1 to indicate the presence of a Random Access Preamble ID field in the subheader (RAPID);
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- BI: The Backoff Indicator field identifies the overload condition in the cell. The size of the BI field is 4 bits;
- RAPID: The Random Access Preamble IDentifier field identifies the transmitted Random Access Preamble (see clause 5.1.3). The size of the RAPID field is 6 bits. If the RAPID in the MAC subheader of a MAC subPDU corresponds to one of the Random Access Preambles configured for SI request, MAC RAR is not included in the MAC subPDU.

The MAC subheader is octet aligned.
6.2.2a MAC subheader for MSGB

The MAC subheader consists of the following fields:
- E: The Extension field is a flag indicating if the MAC subPDU including this MAC subheader is the last MAC subPDU (other than MAC subPDU for MAC SDU) or not in the MAC PDU. The E field is set to 1 to indicate at least another MAC subPDU (other than MAC subPDU for MAC SDU) follows. The E field is set to 0 to indicate that the MAC subPDU including this MAC subheader is the last MAC subPDU (other than MAC subPDU for MAC SDU) in the MAC PDU;

ETSI