<!-- Page 56 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
55
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 4> \) maintain \( \mathrm{N}_{\mathrm{TA}} \) (defined in TS 38.211 [8]) of this TAG.
\( 1> \) when the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer expires:
\( 2> \) notify RRC to release Positioning SRS for RRC_INACTIVE configuration(s).
\( 1> \) when the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer expires:
\( 2> \) clear any configured uplink grants;
2 if a PDCCH addressed to the MAC entity's C-RNTI after initial transmission for the CG-SDT with CCCH message has not been received:

3> consider ongoing CG-SDT procedure as terminated;
\( 3> \) indicate the expiry of cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer to the upper layer.
\( 2> \) flush all HARQ buffers;
\( 2> \) maintain \( \mathrm{N}_{\mathrm{TA}} \) (defined in TS 38.211 [8]) of this TAG.
When the MAC entity stops uplink transmissions for an SCell not configured with two TAGs due to the fact that the maximum uplink transmission timing difference between TAGs of the MAC entity or the maximum uplink transmission timing difference between TAGs of any MAC entity of the UE is exceeded, the MAC entity considers the timeAlignmentTimer associated with the SCell as expired.

When the MAC entity stops uplink transmissions associated to a STAG for an SCell configured with two TAGs due to the fact that the maximum uplink transmission timing difference between TAGs of the MAC entity or the maximum uplink transmission timing difference between TAGs of any MAC entity of the UE is exceeded, the MAC entity considers the timeAlignmentTimer associated with the STAG as expired.

The MAC entity shall not perform any uplink transmission on a Serving Cell except the Random Access Preamble and MSGA transmission when the timeAlignmentTimer(s) associated with all TAG(s) to which this Serving Cell belongs is not running, CG-SDT procedure is not ongoing and SRS transmission in RRC_INACTIVE as in clause 5.26 is not ongoing. Furthermore, when the timeAlignmentTimer(s) associated with all PTAG(s) is not running, CG-SDT procedure is not ongoing and SRS transmission in RRC_INACTIVE as in clause 5.26 is not ongoing, the MAC entity shall not perform any uplink transmission on any Serving Cell except the Random Access Preamble and MSGA transmission on the SpCell. The MAC entity shall not perform any uplink transmission except the Random Access Preamble and MSGA transmission when the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer is not running during the ongoing CG-SDT procedure as triggered in clause 5.27 and the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer or inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaTAT is not running. The MAC entity shall not perform any uplink transmission except the Random Access Preamble and MSGA transmission on a Serving Cell using TCI state(s) associated with a TAG for which the timeAlignmentTimer is not running.
5.2a Maintenance of UL Synchronization

The MAC entity shall for each Serving Cell:
\( 1> \) if an indication of uplink synchronization has been received from upper layers (see clauses 5.2.2.6 and 5.7.19 of TS 38.331 [5]):
\( 2> \) if indication of uplink synchronization is received after indication of uplink synchronization loss due to satellite switch with re-synchronization (see clause 5.7 .19 of TS 38.331 [5]):
\( 3> \) set \( \mathrm{N}_{\text {TA }} \) value (as defined in TS 38.211 [8]) to zero for PTAG;
3> indicate to lower layers a Differential Koffset with value zero.
\( 2> \) allow uplink transmission on the Serving Cell.
1> if an indication of uplink synchronization loss is received from upper layers (see clause 5.2.2.6 and 5.7.19 of TS 38.331 [5]):
\( 2> \) if uplink synchronization loss is due to satellite switch with re-synchronization (see clause 5.7 .19 of TS 38.331 [5]):

ETSI