<!-- Page 203 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
202
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

RSRP reporting and the slot where the SCell activation MAC CE or CSI report activation command is received is no less than 10 ms ;
\( 2> \) the PUCCH transmission for SR, and link recovery request (LRR) defined in TS 38.133 [11], clause 8.5.
5.31 Sidelink LBT operation
5.31.1 General

The lower layer may perform an SL LBT procedure, see TS 37.213 [18], according to which a transmission is not performed by lower layers if the channel is identified as being occupied. When lower layer performs an SL LBT procedure before a transmission and the transmission is not performed, an SL LBT failure indication is sent to the MAC entity from lower layers. Unless otherwise specified, when SL LBT procedure is performed for a transmission, actions as specified in this specification are performed regardless of if an SL LBT failure indication is received from lower layers. When SL LBT is not performed by the lower layers, SL LBT failure indication is not received from lower layers.
5.31.2 Sidelink LBT failure detection and recovery procedure

The MAC entity may be configured by RRC with a Sidelink consistent LBT failure detection and recovery procedure. Sidelink consistent LBT failure is detected per RB set by counting SL LBT failure indications, for all SL transmissions, from the lower layers to the MAC entity.

RRC configures the following parameters in the \( s l \)-Ibt-FailureRecoveryConfig:
- sl-Ibt-FailureInstanceMaxCount for the Sidelink consistent LBT failure detection;
- sl-Ibt-FailureDetectionTimer for the Sidelink consistent LBT failure detection;
- sl-LBT-RecoveryTimer for recovery of the triggered Sidelink consistent LBT failure.

The following UE variable is used for the Sidelink consistent LBT failure detection procedure:
- SL_LBT_COUNTER (per RB set): counter for SL LBT failure indication which is initially set to 0 .

For activated SL BWP configured with sl-Ibt-FailureRecoveryConfig, the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if SL LBT failure indication has been received from lower layers for an RB set of the configured pool(s) of resources in the SL BWP:
\( 2> \) start or restart the sl-ibt-FailureDetectionTimer for the RB set;
\( 2> \) increment SL_LBT_COUNTER for the RB set by 1 ;
\( 2> \) if SL_LBT_COUNTER \( >=s \) l-Ibt-FailureInstanceMaxCount:
3> trigger Sidelink consistent LBT failure for the RB set in the SL BWP;
3> if consistent LBT failure has been triggered in all the RB sets of the configured pool(s) of resources in the SL BWP:

4> indicate Sidelink consistent LBT failure based Sidelink RLF detection for all destination IDs associated to unicast service to upper layers.

1> if all triggered Sidelink consistent LBT failures are cancelled in a RB set; or
\( 1> \) if the \( s \)-Ibt-FailureDetectionTimer expires for a RB set:
\( 2> \) set SL_LBT_COUNTER to 0 for the RB set.
\( 1> \) if \( s l \)-lbt-FailureDetectionTimer or \( s l \)-Ibt-FailureInstanceMaxCount is reconfigured by upper layers:
\( 2> \) set \( S L \) LBT_COUNTER to 0 for all the RB sets.

ETSI