<!-- Page 71 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
70
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 6> \) start or restart the cg-SDT-RetransmissionTimer for the corresponding HARQ process when transmission is performed.
\( 5> \) if the configured uplink grant is for the retransmission of the initial transmission of RACH-less handover or RACH-less LTM cell switch:

6> start or restart the cg-RRC-RetransmissionTimer for the corresponding HARQ process when transmission is performed.

4> if the identified HARQ process is pending and the transmission is performed and LBT failure indication is not received from lower layers:
\( 5> \) consider the identified HARQ process as not pending.
When determining if NDI has been toggled compared to the value in the previous transmission the MAC entity shall ignore NDI received in all uplink grants on PDCCH for its Temporary C-RNTI.

When configuredGrantTimer or cg-RetransmissionTimer or cg-SDT-RetransmissionTimer or cg-RRCRetransmissionTimer is started or restarted by a PUSCH transmission, it shall be started at the beginning of the first symbol of the PUSCH transmission.
5.4.2.2 HARQ process

Each HARQ process is associated with a HARQ buffer.
New transmissions are performed on the resource and with the MCS indicated on PDCCH or indicated in the Random Access Response (i.e. MAC RAR or fallbackRAR), or signalled in RRC or determined as specified in clause 5.1.2a for MSGA payload. Retransmissions are performed on the resource and, if provided, with the MCS indicated on PDCCH, or on the same resource and with the same MCS as was used for last made transmission attempt within a bundle, or on stored configured uplink grant resources and stored MCS when cg-RetransmissionTimer or cg-SDT-
RetransmissionTimer or cg-RRC-RetransmissionTimer is configured. If cg-RetransmissionTimer is configured, retransmissions with the same HARQ process may be performed on any configured grant configuration if the configured grant configurations have the same TBS. If cg-SDT-RetransmissionTimer is configured, retransmission for the initial CG-SDT transmission with the same HARQ process may be performed on any configured grant configuration if the configured grant configurations have the same TBS.

When cg-RetransmissionTimer is configured and the HARQ entity obtains a MAC PDU to transmit and LBT failure indication is received from lower layer, the corresponding HARQ process is considered to be pending. For a configured uplink grant, configured with cg-RetransmissionTimer, each associated HARQ process is considered as not pending when:
- a transmission is performed on that HARQ process and LBT failure indication is not received from lower layers; or
- the configured uplink grant is initialised and this HARQ process is not associated with another active configured uplink grant; or
- the HARQ buffer for this HARQ process is flushed.

If the HARQ entity requests a new transmission for a TB, the HARQ process shall:
\( 1> \) store the MAC PDU in the associated HARQ buffer;
\( 1> \) store the uplink grant received from the HARQ entity;
1> generate a transmission as described below.
If the HARQ entity requests a retransmission for a TB, the HARQ process shall:
\( 1> \) store the uplink grant received from the HARQ entity;
1> generate a transmission as described below.
To generate a transmission for a TB, the HARQ process shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC PDU was obtained from the Msg3 buffer; or

ETSI