<!-- Page 244 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
243
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

The fields in the SL-BSR MAC CE are defined as follows:
- Destination Index: The Destination Index field identifies the destination. The length of this field is 5 bits. The value is set to one index corresponding to SL destination identity associated to same destination reported in \( s / \) TxResourceReqList, sl-TxResourceReqListDisc, sl-TxResourceReqListCommRelay and sl-TxResourceReqListL2\( U 2 U \), if present. The value is indexed sequentially from 0 in the same ascending order of SL destination identity in sl-TxResourceReqList, sl-TxResourceReqListDisc, sl-TxResourceReqListCommRelay and sl-TxResourceReqListL2-U2U as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. When multiple lists are reported, the value is indexed sequentially across all the lists in the same order as presented in SidelinkUEInformationNR message;
- LCG ID: The Logical Channel Group ID field identifies the group of logical channel(s) whose SL buffer status is being reported. The length of the field is 3 bits;
- Buffer Size: The Buffer Size field identifies the total amount of data available according to the data volume calculation procedure in TSs 38.322 [3] and 38.323 [4] across all logical channels of a logical channel group of a destination after the MAC PDU has been built (i.e after the logical channel prioritization procedure, which may result the value of the Buffer Size field to zero). The amount of data is indicated in number of bytes. The size of the RLC headers and MAC subheaders are not considered in the buffer size computation. The length of this field is 8 bits. The values for the Buffer Size field are shown in Table 6.1.3.1-2, respectively. For the Truncated SLBSR format the number of Buffer Size fields included is maximised, while not exceeding the number of padding bits.

Buffer Sizes of LCGs are included in decreasing order of the highest priority of the sidelink logical channel having data available for transmission in each of the LCGs irrespective of the value of the Destination Index field.

NOTE: Void.

Figure 6.1.3.33-1: SL-BSR and Truncated SL-BSR MAC control element
6.1.3.34 Sidelink Configured Grant Confirmation MAC CE

The Sidelink Configured Grant Confirmation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2b. The Sidelink Configured Grant Confirmation MAC CE is defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.34-1):
- \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) : If there is a configured grant Type 2 with sl-ConfigIndexCG i configured for the MAC entity as specified in TS 38.331 [5], this field indicates the confirmation to activation/deactivation of the configured grant with slConfigIndex \( C G \mathrm{i} \), else the MAC entity shall ignore the \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field. The \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field is set to 1 to confirm that the configured grant with \( s l \)-ConfigIndexCG i shall be activated. The \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field is set to 0 to indicate that the configured grant with \( s l \)-ConfigIndexCG i shall be deactivated.

ETSI