<!-- Page 272 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
271
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
6.1.3.55 Enhanced SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CEs

The Enhanced SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE with one octet \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size and consists of seven C-fields, one R-field and zero or more TRS ID, fields in ascending order based on the ScellIndex for SCells indicated by the \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field(s) to be activated. The Enhanced SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE of with one octet \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field is defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.55-1).

The Enhanced SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE with four octet \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size and consists of 31 C -fields, one R -field and zero or more TRS ID, fields in ascending order based on the ScellIndex for SCells indicated by the \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field(s) to be activated. The Enhanced SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE with four octet \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field is defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.55-2).
- \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) : If there is an SCell configured for the MAC entity with SCellIndex i as specified in TS 38.331 [5], this field indicates the activation/deactivation status of the SCell with SCellIndex \( \mathrm{i}_{\text {, else the MAC entity shall ignore the } \mathrm{C}_{1}} \) field. The \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field is set to 1 to indicate that the SCell with SCellIndex i shall be activated and that a TRS ID, field is included for the SCell. The Ca field is set to 0 to indicate that the SCell with SCellindex i shall be deactivated and that no TRS ID field is included for this SCell;
- TRS [D]: If TRS ID, is set to a non-zero value, it indicates the corresponding TRS address by scellActivationRSId as specified in TS 38.331 [5] is activated. If TRS [D, is set to zero, it indicates that no TRS is used for the corresponding SCell;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.55-1: Enhanced SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE with one octet \( \mathbf{C}_{\mathbf{i}} \) field

\begin{table}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline \multicolumn{8}{|c|}{} & \multirow[b]{2}{*}{Oct 1} \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{7} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{5} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{4} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{3} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{2} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) & R & \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{15} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{14} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{13} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{12} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{11} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{10} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{9} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{8} \) & Oct 2 \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{23} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{22} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{21} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{20} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{19} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{18} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{17} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{16} \) & Oct 3 \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{31} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{30} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{29} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{28} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{27} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{26} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{25} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{24} \) & \multirow{2}{*}{\begin{tabular}{l}
Oct 4 \\
Oct 5
\end{tabular}} \\
\hline \multicolumn{8}{|c|}{TRS ID \( { }_{1} \)} & \\
\hline \multicolumn{8}{|c|}{TRS ID \( { }_{\text {N }} \)} & Oct N+4 \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Figure 6.1.3.55-2: Enhanced SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE with four octet \( \mathbf{C}_{\mathbf{i}} \) field}
\end{table}

ETSI