<!-- Page 276 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
275
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

value of unifiedTCI-StateType in the Serving Cell indicated by TCI State Serving Cell ID, is separate, this field indicates a UL BWP. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- TCI State [D: This field contains an identifier of the TCI state used for SRS resource i. TCI State ID0 refers to the first SRS resource which is indicated SRS Resource [D0, TCI State [D1 refers to the second one and so on. If joint/downlink TCI State is used, 7-bits length TCI state ID i.e. TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5] is used. If separate downlink and uplink TCI State is used, the most significant bit of TCI state ID is considered as a reserved bit and the remaining 6 bits indicate the TCI-UL-State-Id as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 7 bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.60-1: Serving Cell Set based SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE
6.1.3.61 Child IAB-DU Restricted Beam Indication MAC CE

The Child IAB-DU Restricted Beam Indication MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size with following fields (Figure 6.1.3.61-1):
- Resource Configuration ID: This fields indicates the RRC configuration which applies to this MAC CE and corresponds to iab-ResourceConfigID parameter in IAB-ResourceConfig as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 16 bits;
- Number of child IAB-DU beams: This field indicates the number of restricted child IAB-DU beams included in the MAC CE. The length of the field is 8 bits. The number of restricted child IAB-DU beams is contained in the 3 rightmost bits of the field while the remaining 5 bits are considered as reserved bits;
- [AB-DU restricted beams type ID: This field determines the type of information used as an indication of a set of child IAB-DU's restricted beams, indicated with the Child IAB-DU Resource set [D, field. IAB-DU restricted beams type ID \( _{0} \) refers to the first restricted beam within the resource set, [AB-DU restricted beams type [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \) to the second one and so on. If the value of the field is 00 , SSB index is used (contained in the 6 rightmost bits of the Child IAB-DU Resource set ID, field, with the two leftmost bits being set to zero). If the value of the field is 01, SSB index (contained in the 6 rightmost bits of the Child IAB-DU Resource set ID, field) and STC index (contained in the two leftmost bits of the Child IAB-DU Resource set ID, field) are both used. If the value of the field is set to 11, CSI-RS index, which is the NZP-CSI-RS-Resourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5], is used (comprising all 8 bits of the Child IAB-DU Resource set ID, field). The length of the field is 2 bits;
- \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) : This field indicates whether the octet containing the Number of cell configurations \( \mathrm{ID}_{1} \) field is included or not. \( \mathrm{C}_{01} \) refers to the first restricted beam within the resource set, \( \mathrm{C}_{11} \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 0 to indicate the octet is not included (and subsequently, that no cell information is included for the relevant

ETSI