<!-- Page 237 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
236
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

[9] and TCI state [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \), denotes the \( \mathrm{j}^{\text {th }} \) TCI state indicated for the \( \mathrm{i}^{\text {th }} \) codepoint in the DCI Transmission Configuration Indication field. The TCI codepoint to which the TCI States are mapped is determined by its ordinal position among all the TCI codepoints with sets of TCI state \( \mathrm{ID}_{1,1} \) fields, i.e the first TCI codepoint with TCI state \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{0,1}\right. \) and TCI state \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{0,2}\right. \) shall be mapped to the codepoint value 0 , the second TCI codepoint with TCI state \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{1,1}\right. \) and TCI state \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{1,2}\right. \) shall be mapped to the codepoint value 1 and so on. The TCI state \( \left[\mathrm{D}_{1,2}\right. \) is optional based on the indication of the \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field. The maximum number of activated TCI codepoint is 8 and the maximum number of TCI states mapped to a TCI codepoint is 2 .
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.24-1: Enhanced TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific PDSCH MAC CE
6.1.3.25 Enhanced PUCCH Spatial Relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The Enhanced PUCCH Spatial Relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size with following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;
- PUCCH Resource ID: This field contains an identifier of the PUCCH resource ID identified by PUCCHResourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5], which is to be activated with a spatial relation indicated by Spatial Relation Info ID field in the subsequent octet. The length of the field is 7 bits. If the indicated PUCCH Resource ID is included in a PUCCH Resource Group (configured via resourceGroupToAddModList as specified in TS 38.331 [5]) of the indicated UL BWP, no other PUCCH Resources within the same PUCCH Resource group are indicated in the MAC CE, and this MAC CE applies to all the PUCCH Resources in the PUCCH Resource group;
- Spatial Relation Info ID: This field contains PUCCH-SpatialRelationInfold -1 where PUCCHSpatialRelationInfold is the identifier of the PUCCH Spatial Relation [nfo in PUCCH-Config in which the PUCCH Resource ID is configured, as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI