<!-- Page 232 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
231
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

S, field is set to 0 to indicate PUCCH Spatial Relation Info with PUCCH-SpatialRelationInfold equal to \( i+1 \) shall be deactivated. Only a single PUCCH Spatial Relation Info can be active for a PUCCH Resource at a time;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

\begin{table}
\begin{tabular}{|c|c|c|c|c|c|c|} 
& & & & & \\
\hline & & & & & \\
\hline R & \multicolumn{6}{|c|}{ Serving Cell ID } \\
\hline R & \multicolumn{7}{|c|}{ PUCCH Resource ID } \\
\hline \( \mathrm{S}_{7} \) & \( \mathrm{~S}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{~S}_{5} \) & \( \mathrm{~S}_{4} \) & \( \mathrm{~S}_{3} \) & \( \mathrm{~S}_{2} \) & \( \mathrm{~S}_{1} \) \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Figure 6.1.3.18-1: PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE}
\end{table}
6.1.3.19 SP ZP CSI-RS Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The SP ZP CSI-RS Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1. It has a fixed size of 16 bits with following fields:
- A/D: This field indicates whether to activate or deactivate indicated SP ZP CSI-RS resource set. The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation;
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- BWP ID: This field indicates a DL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint value of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;
- SP ZP CSI-RS resource set ID: This field contains an index of sp-ZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSetsToAddModList, as specified in TS 38.331 [5], indicating the Semi Persistent ZP CSI-RS resource set, which shall be activated or deactivated. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.19-1: SP ZP CSI-RS Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE
6.1.3.20 Recommended bit rate MAC CE

The Recommended bit rate MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Tables 6.2.1-1 and 6.2.1-2 for bit rate recommendation message from the gNB to the UE and bit rate recommendation query message from the UE to the gNB, respectively. It has a fixed size and consists of two octets defined as follows (Figure 6.1_3.20-1):
- LCID: This field indicates the identity of the logical channel for which the recommended bit rate or the recommended bit rate query is applicable. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- Uplink/Downlink (UL/DL): This field indicates whether the recommended bit rate or the recommended bit rate query applies to uplink or downlink. The length of the field is 1 bit. The UL/DL field set to 0 indicates downlink. The UL/DL field set to 1 indicates uplink;
- Bit Rate: This field indicates an index to Table 6.1.3.20-1. The length of the field is 6 bits. For bit rate recommendation the value indicates the recommended bit rate. For bit rate recommendation query the value indicates the desired bit rate;

ETSI