<!-- Page 205 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
204
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.33 RACH-less initial UL transmission

The initial uplink transmission of a RACH-less handover procedure can be performed either using a dynamic uplink grant or a configured uplink grant Type 1 preallocated by RRC, if configured.

When rach-LessHO is configured, the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if \( c g-R R C \)-Configuration is configured:
\( 2> \) select a configured uplink grant for initial uplink transmission according to clause 5.8.2;
\( 2> \) perform initial uplink transmission in the first available CG occasion for RACH-less handover according to clause 5.8.2;
\( 2> \) monitor the PDCCH as specified in clause 5.7 and TS 38.213 [6].
1> else:
\( 2> \) if tci-StatelD is configured in rach-LessHO:
\( 3> \) indicate to lower layers the TCI state information included in tci-StateID.
\( 2> \) else if ssb-Index is configured in rach-LessHO:
\( 3> \) indicate to lower layers the SSB index included in \( s s b \)-Index.
2> monitor the PDCCH as specified in TS 38.213 [6].
5.34 Cell-Level Energy Saving
5.34.1 General

Each Serving Cell may be configured by RRC with a periodic cell DTX pattern (i.e., Active and Non-Active Periods). The cell DTX operation controls UE's monitoring activity of PDCCH and configured downlink assignments in RRC_CONNECTED. For all activated Serving Cells with cell DTX configured and activated, the MAC entity may monitor PDCCH and configured downlink assignments using the cell DTX operation specified in clause 5.34.2.

Each Serving Cell may be configured by RRC with a periodic cell DRX pattern (i.e., Active and Non-Active Periods). The cell DRX operation controls Scheduling Request and configured uplink grant transmission activity in RRC_CONNECTED. For all activated Serving Cells with cell DRX configured and activated, the MAC entity may transmit configured uplink grant transmissions and Scheduling Request using the cell DRX operation specified in clause 5.34.3.

RRC controls cell DTX and cell DRX operation by configuring the following parameters in cellDTX-DRX-Config per Serving Cell:
- cellDTX-DRX-ConfigType: defines whether only cell DTX is configured, only cell DRX is configured, or both are configured;
- cellDTX-DRX-onDurationTimer: the active duration at the beginning of a cell DTX/DRX cycle;
- cellDTX-DRX-StartOffset: defines the subframe where the cell DTX/DRX cycle starts;
- cellDTX-DRX-SlotOffset: the delay before starting the cellDTX-DRX-onDurationTimer;
- cellDTX-DRX-Cycle: the cell DTX/DRX cycle period.
- ActivationStatus: the initial activation status of cell DTX and cell DRX operation.
5.34.2 Cell Discontinuous Transmission

Cell DTX is configured if cellDTX-DRX-ConfigType is set to \( d t x \) or \( d t x d r x \). Cell DTX operation is activated and deactivated for each Serving Cell by:

ETSI