<!-- Page 240 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
239
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.27-1: SRS Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE
6.1.3.28 PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE

The PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size and consists of the following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell, which contains activated PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], which contains activated PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- T: If the UE is configured with two SRS resources sets for codebook or non-codebook, as specified in TS 38.331 [5], in the indicated bandwidth part of the indicated Serving Cell, if this field is set to 0, SRI ID(s) to be updated are the ones associated with the first SRS resource set, and if is set to 1 the SRI [D(s) to be updated are the ones associated with the second SRS resource set. Otherwise, this field is a reserved bit set to 0 ;
- PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS ID: This field indicates the PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS ID identified by PUSCH-PathlossReferenceRS-Id as specified in TS 38.331 [5], which is to be updated in the SRI PUSCH power control mappings indicated by SRI ID fields indicated in the same MAC CE. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- C: This field indicates the presence of the additional SRI ID in the last octet of this MAC CE. If this field is set to 1 , two SRI ID(s) are present in the last octet. Otherwise only one SRI ID (i.e. the first SRI ID) is present in the last octet;
- SRI ID: This field indicates the SRI PUSCH power control ID identified by sri-PUSCH-PowerControlld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.28-1: PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE
6.1.3.29 Serving Cell Set based SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE

The Serving Cell Set based SRS Spatial Relation indication MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size and consists of the following fields:

ETSI