<!-- Page 59 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
58
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

NOTE 1: In case of unaligned SFN across carriers in a cell group, the SFN of the concerned Serving Cell is used to calculate the HARQ Process ID used for configured downlink assignments.

NOTE 2: CURRENT_slot refers to the slot index of the first transmission occasion of a bundle of configured downlink assignment.

When the MAC entity needs to read BCCH, the MAC entity may, based on the scheduling information from RRC:
\( 1> \) if a downlink assignment for this PDCCH occasion has been received on the PDCCH for the \( \mathrm{SI}-\mathrm{RNTI} \);
\( 2> \) indicate a downlink assignment and redundancy version for the dedicated broadcast HARQ process to the HARQ entity.

When the MAC entity needs to read MCCH, the MAC entity may, based on the scheduling information from RRC:
\( 1> \) if a downlink assignment for this PDCCH occasion has been received on the PDCCH for the MCCH -RNTI or Multicast MCCH-RNTI:
\( 2> \) indicate a downlink assignment and redundancy version for the selected HARQ process to the HARQ entity.
When the MAC entity needs to read broadcast MTCH, the MAC entity may, based on the scheduling information from RRC and DCI:
\( 1> \) if a downlink assignment for this PDCCH occasion has been received on the PDCCH for the G-RNTI configured for broadcast MTCH:
\( 2> \) indicate the presence of a downlink assignment and deliver the associated HARQ information for the selected HARQ process to the HARQ entity.
5.3.2 HARQ operation
5.3.2.1 HARQ Entity

The MAC entity includes a HARQ entity for each Serving Cell, which maintains a number of parallel HARQ processes. Each HARQ process is associated with a HARQ process identifier. The HARQ entity directs HARQ information and associated TBs received on the DL-SCH to the corresponding HARQ processes (see clause 5.3.2.2).

The number of parallel DL HARQ processes per HARQ entity is specified in TS 38.214 [7]. The dedicated broadcast HARQ process is used for BCCH .

The HARQ process supports one TB when the physical layer is not configured for downlink spatial multiplexing. The HARQ process supports one or two TBs when the physical layer is configured for downlink spatial multiplexing.

When the MAC entity is configured with pdsch-AggregationFactor \( >1 \), the parameter pdsch-AggregationFactor provides the number of transmissions of a TB within a bundle of the downlink assignment. Bundling operation relies on the HARQ entity for invoking the same HARQ process for each transmission that is part of the same bundle. After the initial transmission, pdsch-AggregationFactor-1 HARQ retransmissions follow within a bundle.

The MAC entity shall:
1> if a downlink assignment has been indicated:
\( 2> \) allocate the TB(s) received from the physical layer and the associated HARQ information to the HARQ process indicated by the associated HARQ information.
\( 1> \) if a downlink assignment has been indicated for the broadcast HARQ process:
\( 2> \) allocate the received TB to the broadcast HARQ process.
NOTE: It is up to UE implementation to allocate the received TB for multicast MCCH or broadcast MCCH or broadcast MTCH to one HARQ process.

ETSI