<!-- Page 170 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
169
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

NOTE 3A: When determining Sidelink transmission information, the priority of the Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE is the value configured in RRC parameters \( s \) PriorityCoordInfoCondition when triggered by a condition, or sl-PriorityCoordInfoExplicit when triggered by an explicit request. When determining Sidelink transmission information, the priority of the Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Request MAC CE is the value configured in RRC parameter \( s \) PriorityRequest. When determining Sidelink transmission information, the priority of the Sidelink InterUE Coordination Information MAC CE is the value indicated in Priority field in the Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Request MAC CE provided by the UE when triggered by an explicit request, if \( s l \) -PriorityCoordInfoExplicit-r17 is not configured. When determining Sidelink transmission information for performing sensing and candidate resource selections in PHY, the priority value of the Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE triggered under a condition is up to UE implementation, if \( s l \) -PriorityCoordInfoCondition-r 17 is not configured. When determining Sidelink transmission information for performing sensing and candidate resource selections in PHY, the priority value of Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Request MAC CE is the same as that of a TB to be transmitted by the UE, if sl-PriorityRequest-r 17 is not configured.
\( 5> \) if HARQ feedback is enabled for groupcast:
\( 6> \) if both a group size and a member ID are provided by upper layers and the group size is not greater than the number of candidate PSFCH resources in a slot associated with this sidelink grant:
\( 7> \) select either positive-negative acknowledgement or negative-only acknowledgement.
NOTE 4: Selection of positive-negative acknowledgement or negative-only acknowledgement is up to UE implementation.
\( 6> \) else:
7> select negative-only acknowledgement.
NOTE 5: UE operating in SL unlicensed does not use negative-only acknowledgement for groupcast HARQ feedback.

6> if negative-only acknowledgement is selected, UE's location information is available, and \( s \) TransRange has been configured for a logical channel in the MAC PDU, and sl-ZoneConfig is configured as specified in TS 38.331 [5]:
\( 7> \) set the communication range requirement to the value of the longest communication range of the logical channel(s) in the MAC PDU;

7> determine the value of sl-ZoneLength corresponding to the communication range requirement and set Zone_id to the value of Zone_id calculated using the determined value of sl-ZoneLength as specified in TS 38.331 [5].
\( 5> \) set the Redundancy version to the selected value.
5> if the upper layers triggers the SL-PRS transmission of the peer UE identified by the Destination layer-2 ID:
\( 6> \) set the SL-PRS request to request.
\( 5> \) set the SL-PRS resource [D, if SL-PRS is available, within Sidelink transmission information.
NOTE 6: The SL-PRS resource ID(s) for initial transmission and retransmission(s) are determined by the UE's own upper layers by implementation.
\( 4> \) deliver the MAC PDU, the SL-PRS, if available, the sidelink grant and the Sidelink transmission information of the TB to the associated Sidelink process;

4> instruct the associated Sidelink process to trigger a new transmission.
3> else:
\( 4> \) flush the HARQ buffer of the associated Sidelink process.

ETSI