<!-- Page 132 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
131
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE or an Enhanced SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE or the Enhanced SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
5.18.7 Activation/Deactivation of Semi-persistent SRS and Indication of spatial relation of SP/AP SRS

The network may activate and deactivate the configured Semi-persistent SRS resource sets of a Serving Cell by sending the SP SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.17. The network may also activate and deactivate the configured Semi-persistent SRS resource sets of a Serving Cell by sending the Enhanced SP/AP SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.26. The network may also activate and deactivate the configured Semi-persistent SRS resource sets of a Serving Cell by sending the SP/AP SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.59. The configured Semi-persistent SRS resource sets are initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync. The network may indicate the spatial relation info of SP/AP SRS resource sets of a Serving Cell by sending the Enhanced SP/AP SRS spatial relation Indication MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.26.

The MAC entity shall:
1> if the MAC entity receives an SP SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the SP SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an Enhanced SP/AP SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Enhanced SP/AP SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE

1> if the MAC entity receives an SP/AP SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the SP/AP SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE.
5.18.8 Activation/Deactivation of spatial relation of PUCCH resource

The network may activate and deactivate a spatial relation for a PUCCH resource of a Serving Cell by sending the PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.18. The network may also activate and deactivate a spatial relation for a PUCCH resource or a PUCCH resource group of a Serving Cell by sending the Enhanced PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.25. The configured spatial relation for a PUCCH resource is initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync. The network may also activate and deactivate the two spatial relations for a PUCCH resource or a PUCCH resource group of a Serving Cell by sending the PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.45.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an Enhanced PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Enhanced PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation for multiple TRP PUCCH repetition MAC CE.

ETSI