<!-- Page 291 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
290
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

in any MAC PDU, at the time of the first symbol of the first PUSCH transmission that includes this DSR MAC CE. The length of this field is 6 bits. This field is present only if the buffer size indicated by the corresponding Buffer Size field is not zero; otherwise, this field is reserved and set to 0 . If present, the value \( r \) in this field indicates a remaining time within the range of ( \( r, r+1] \mathrm{msec} \);
- BT: This field is present only if the corresponding LCG is configured with additionalBS-TableAllowed and the buffer size indicated by the corresponding Buffer Size field is not zero; otherwise, this field is reserved and set to 0. If present, the BT field set to 1 indicates that the buffer sizes specified in Table 6.1.3.1-3 are used to set the value of the Buffer Size field, while the BT field set to 0 indicates that the buffer sizes specified in Table 6.1.3.12 are used instead;
- Buffer Size: The Buffer Size field indicates the total amount of delay-critical UL data for an LCG according to the data volume calculation procedure specified in clause 5.5 in TS 38.322 [3] and clause 5.15 in TS 38.323 [4] for the associated RLC and PDCP entities, respectively, after the MAC PDU has been built. If the corresponding LCG is configured with additionalBS-TableAllowed and the amount of delay-critical UL data for an LCG is within the buffer sizes specified in Table 6.1-3.1-3, the MAC entity shall use the buffer sizes specified in Table 6.1.3.1-3 to set the value of this field; otherwise, the MAC entity shall use Table 6.1.3.1-2 instead. This field is indicated in number of bytes. The length of this field is 8 bits.

The DSR MAC CE shall include delay information of all LCGs which have pending DSRs when the MAC PDU containing this DSR MAC CE is to be built. The Remaining Time, the BT, and the Buffer Size fields for an LCG shall be reported in two consecutive octets. These three fields for different LCGs shall be included in a DSR MAC CE in ascending order based on the \( \mathrm{LCG}_{1} \).

Figure 6.1.3.72-1: DSR MAC CE
6.1.3.73 PSI-Based SDU Discard Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The PSI-Based SDU Discard Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with an one-octet eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b.

It has a fixed size and consists of one octet defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.73-1):
- \( D_{1} \) : This field indicates the activation/deactivation status of the PSI-based SDU discard of DRB \( i \), where \( i \) is the ascending order of the DRB ID among the DRBs configured with discardTimerForLowImportance and with RLC entity(ies) associated with this MAC entity. The Di field set to 1 indicates that the PSI-based SDU discard shall be activated for DRB i. The Di field set to 0 indicates that the PSI-based SDU discard shall be deactivated for DRB i.

ETSI