<!-- Page 140 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
139
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.18.32 Access Link Beam Indication for NCR

NCR Access Link Beam Indication MAC CE is used by a gNB to indicate to an NCR-node the forwarding resources to be used for the semi-persistent access link transmission between the NCR-node and the UE(s) served by this device.

Upon reception of an NCR Access Link Beam Indication MAC CE, the NCR-node shall:
- apply the configuration signalled in the MAC CE as received by NCR-MT to the forwarding resource lists indicated via RRC, and use it to operate the NCR-Fwd.
5.18.33 Enhanced Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The network may activate and deactivate the configured unified TCI states of a Serving Cell or a set of Serving Cells configured in simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList1, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList2, simultaneousU-TCI-UpdateList3 or simultaneous U-TCI-UpdateList4 by sending the Enhanced Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.70 and 6.1.3.71. The configured unified TCI states are initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an Enhanced Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Enhanced Unified TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
5.18.34 Activation/deactivation of PSI-based SDU discard

The network activates and deactivates PSI-based SDU discard by sending the PSI-Based SDU Discard Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.73. The PSI-based SDU discard is initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall for each DRB configured with discardTimerForLowImportance:
\( 1> \) if a PSI-Based SDU Discard Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is received activating the PSI-based SDU discard for the DRB:
\( 2> \) indicate the activation of the PSI-based SDU discard for the DRB to upper-layers.
\( 1> \) if a PSI-Based SDU Discard Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is received deactivating the PSI-based SDU discard for the DRB:
\( 2> \) indicate the deactivation of the PSI-based SDU discard for the DRB to upper-layers.
5.18.35 LTM Cell Switch Command

The network may instruct the UE to perform LTM cell switch procedure by sending the LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.75.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to upper layers that the LTM cell switch procedure is triggered and the Target Configuration ID included in the LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE;
\( 2> \) if the MAC reset operation as specified in clause 5.12 is performed, as requested by upper layers:
\( 3> \) if Timing Advance Command value (hexa-decimal) is not set as FFF:
\( 4> \) process the received Timing Advance Command (see clause 5.2);
4> consider the RACH-less LTM cell switch to be ongoing;

ETSI