<!-- Page 106 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
105
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

NOTE 1: A PDCCH indicating activation of multicast SPS is considered to indicate a new transmission.
NOTE 2: The UE may start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL or HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-NTN after receiving a PTM transmission only if ptp-Retx-Multicast or ptp-Retx-SPS-Multicast was included in the UECapabilityInformation message to network.

The MAC entity needs not to monitor the PDCCH for a G-RNTI or a G-CS-RNTI if it is not a complete PDCCH occasion (e.g. the Active Time for a G-RNTI or a G-CS-RNTI starts or ends in the middle of a PDCCH occasion).
5.8 Transmission and reception without dynamic scheduling
5.8.1 Downlink

Semi-Persistent Scheduling (SPS) is configured by RRC for a Serving Cell per BWP. Multiple assignments can be active simultaneously in the same BWP. Activation and deactivation of the DL SPS are independent among the Serving Cells.

For the DL SPS, a DL assignment is provided by PDCCH, and stored or cleared based on L1 signalling indicating SPS activation or deactivation.

RRC configures the following parameters when the SPS is configured:
- cs-RNTI: CS-RNTI for activation, deactivation, and retransmission;
- nrofHARQ-Processes: the number of configured HARQ processes for SPS;
- harq-ProcID-Offset: Offset of HARQ process for SPS;
- periodicity: periodicity of configured downlink assignment for SPS.

When the SPS is released by upper layers, all the corresponding configurations shall be released.
After a downlink assignment is configured for SPS, the MAC entity shall consider sequentially that the \( \mathrm{N}^{\text {th }} \) downlink assignment occurs in the slot for which:
```
    (numberOfSiotsPerFrame × SFN + slot number in the frame \( )= \)
[(numberOfSlotsPerFrame × SF \( \left.\mathrm{N}_{\text {start ume }}+\operatorname{slot}_{\text {start ume }}\right)+\mathrm{N} \times \) periodicity × numberOfSlotsPerFrame / 10]
        modulo (1024 × numberOfSlotsPerFrame)
```

where \( \mathrm{SFN}_{\text {start ume }} \) and slot \( { }_{\text {start ume }} \) are the SFN and slot, respectively, of the first transmission of PDSCH where the configured downlink assignment was (re-)initialised.

NOTE: In case of unaligned SFN across carriers in a cell group, the SFN of the concerned Serving Cell is used to calculate the occurrences of configured downlink assignments.
5.8.1a Downlink for Multicast

MBS Semi-Persistent Scheduling (SPS) is only applicable for UEs in RRC_CONNECTED and is configured by RRC on one Serving Cell per BWP. Multiple assignments can be active simultaneously in the same BWP.

For the DL MBS SPS, a DL assignment is provided by PDCCH, and stored or cleared based on L1 signalling indicating SPS activation or deactivation.

RRC configures the following parameters when the MBS SPS is configured:
- cs-RNTI: CS-RNTI for MBS SPS deactivation, PTP for PTM retransmission if configured;
- \( g \)-cs-RNTI: G-CS-RNTI for activation, deactivation, and retransmission;
- nrofHARQ-Processes: the number of configured HARQ processes for MBS SPS;
- harq-ProcID-Offset: Offset of HARQ process for MBS SPS;
- periodicity: periodicity of configured downlink assignment for MBS SPS.

ETSI