<!-- Page 320 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
319
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.2.3a-2: successRAR
6.2.4 MAC subheader for SL-SCH

The MAC subheader consists of the following fields:
- V: The MAC PDU format version number field indicates which version of the SL-SCH subheader is used. In this version of the specification, the V field is set to 0 . The size of the V field is 4 bits;
- SRC: The SRC field carries the 16 most significant bits of the Source Layer-2 ID set to the identifier provided by upper layers as defined in TS 23.287 [19] or TS 23.304 [26]. The length of the field is 16 bits;
- DST: The DST field carries the 8 most significant bits of the Destination Layer-2 [D set to the identifier provided by upper layers as defined in TS 23.287 [19] or TS 23.304 [26]. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- LCID: The Logical Channel ID field identifies the logical channel instance of the corresponding MAC SDU or the type of the corresponding MAC CE within the scope of one Source Layer-2 ID and Destination Layer-2 ID pair or padding as described in Tables 6.2.4-1 for SL-SCH. There is one LCID field per MAC subheader except for SL-SCH subheader. The values of LCID from 21 to 36 identify the logical channels used to send duplicated RLC SDUs from logical channels of which the values of LCID from 4 to 19 respectively in sequential order. The size of the LCID field is 6 bits;
- L: The Length field indicates the length of the corresponding MAC SDU or variable-sized MAC CE in bytes. There is one L field per MAC subheader except for SL-SCH subheader and subheaders corresponding to the fixed-sized MAC CE or padding. The size of the \( L \) field is indicated by the \( F \) field;
- F: The Format field indicates the size of the Length field. There is one F field per MAC subheader except for SL-SCH subheader and subheaders corresponding to the fixed-sized MAC CE or padding. The size of the F field is 1 bit. The value 0 indicates 8 bits of the Length field. The value 1 indicates 16 bits of the Length field;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

The MAC subheader is octet aligned.

ETSI