<!-- Page 280 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
279
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.61-1: Child IAB-DU Restricted Beam Indication MAC CE
6.1.3.62 IAB-MT Recommended Beam Indication MAC CE

The IAB-MT Recommended Beam Indication MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2b. It has a variable size with following fields (Figure 6.1.3.62-1):
- Resource Configuration ID: This field indicates the RRC configuration which applies to this MAC CE and corresponds to iab-ResourceConfigID parameter in IAB-ResourceConfig as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 16 bits;
- Number of [AB-MT beams: This field indicates the number of recommended [AB-MT beams included in the MAC CE. The length of the field is 8 bits. The number of recommended [AB-MT beams is contained in the 3 rightmost bits of the field while the remaining 5 bits are considered as reserved bits;
- [AB-MT beam type [D]: This field determines the type of information used as an indication of an uplink or downlink [AB-MT beam, indicated with the [AB-MT Resource set [Dr. If the value of the field is 00 , the information included in the [AB-MT Resource set [D, field is the TCI state ID (contained in the 7 rightmost bits of the field). If the value of the field is 01, the information included in the [AB-MT Resource set[D, field is the SSB ID (contained in the 6 rightmost bits of the field). If the value of the field is 10 , the information included in the [AB-MT Resource set [D, field is the CSI-RS index (comprising all 8 bits), which is the NZP-CSI-RSResourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. If the value of the field is 11, the information included in the 6 rightmost bits in the [AB-MT Resource set [D, field is the SRS-ResourceID. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- [AB-MT Resource set [D]: an indication of the [AB-MTs recommended downlink or uplink beams. [AB-MT Resource set [ \( D_{0} \) field refers to the first [AB-MT's beam, [AB-MT Resource set [D \( { }_{1} \) field refers to the second [AB-MT's beam, and so on. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- \( C_{11} \) : This field indicates whether the octet containing the Number of cell configurations \( D_{1} \) field is included or not. \( C_{01} \) refers to the first recommended beam within the resource set, \( C_{11} \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 0 to indicate the octet is not included (and subsequently, that no cell information is included for the relevant recommended beam). The field is set to 1 to indicate that Number of cell configurations \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) field is included. The length of the field is 1 bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- Number of cell configurations ID1: This field indicates the number of cell configurations associated with the beam indicated in [AB-MT Resource set [D \( { }_{1} \). Number of cell configurations [ \( D_{0} \) refers to the first recommended beam within the resource set, Number of cell configurations ID1 to the second one and so on. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- Cell info type \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) : indicates the type of information included in the Cell info \( \left[D_{1}\right] \) field. If the value of the field is set to zero, the combination of \{MT CC, DU cell\} is included in the Cell info \( \left[D_{1}\right. \), field, by including the \( [A B- \) DU cell in the first nine bits of the field, and the [AB-MT Serving Cell index into the next 5 bits of the field. If the value of the field is set to one, only MT CC information is included in the Cell info [ \( D_{1} \) field, by including the [AB-MT Serving Cell index in the first 5 bits of the field, and by setting the remaining nine bits to zero. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- \( \mathrm{M}_{\mathrm{y}} \) : This field indicates whether the octet containing multiplexing mode info (containing the Multiplexing mode info \( \left[D_{1,}\right. \) field) is included or not. \( M_{10} \) refers to the first combination of \( \{M T C C, D U \) cell \( \} \) associated with \( [A B- \) MT Resource set \( \left[D_{1}, M_{1}\right. \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 1 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is included, and it is set to 0 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is not present. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- Cell info \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) : indicates the cell configuration associated with beam recommendation indicated in \( [A B-M T \) Resource set \( \left[D_{1}\right. \). Cell info \( \left[D_{10}\right. \) field refers to the first cell configuration associated with the beam recommendation indicated in [AB-MT Resource set [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \), Cell info [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \) field refers to the second cell configuration associated with the beam recommendation indicated in [AB-MT Resource set [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \), and so on. The length of the field is 14 bits.
- Multiplexing mode info \( \mathrm{ID}_{1} \) : The two rightmost bits indicate which of the four multiplexing modes defined in TS \( 38.473[27] \) is applicable. The third rightmost bit of this field indicates whether multiplexing restrictions mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the field are applicable to non-overlapping frequency

ETSI