<!-- Page 248 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
247
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- E: This field indicates the extension of SRS resource ID as the MSB of SRS resource ID. The total length of the extended SRS resource ID is 6 bits. If \( E \) bit is set to 1 , the SRS resource ID value is 5 -bit SRS resource ID field +32 ;
- DL-PRS Resource Set ID: This field contains an index for DL-PRS Resource Set nr-DL-PRS-ResourceSetld as defined in TS 37.355 [23]. The length of the field is 3 bits;
- DL-PRS Resource ID: This field contains an index for DL-PRS resource \( n r-D L-P R S \)-Resource-Id as defined in TS 37.355 [23]. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- DL-PRS ID: This field contains an identity for DL-PRS resource dl-PRS-ID as defined in TS 37.355 [23]. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- PI: This field indicates whether the field DL-PRS resource ID is present within the Spatial Relation for Resource ID, with DL-PRS. If the field is set to 1 , the octet containing the field DL-PRS resource ID is present; otherwise, the octet is omitted;
- SI: This field indicates whether the field SSB index is present within the Spatial Relation for Resource ID, with SSB. If the field is set to 1 , the octet containing the field SSB index is present; otherwise, the octet is omitted;
- Resource Serving Cell [D]: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell on which the resource used for spatial relationship derivation for the \( i^{\text {th }} \) Positioning SRS resource is located. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- Resource BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], on which the resource used for spatial relationship derivation for the \( i^{\text {th }} \) Positioning SRS resource is located. The length of the field is 2 bits.
6.1.3.37 Guard Symbols MAC CEs for Case-6 and Case-7 timing modes

The Guard Symbols MAC CEs (i.e. Provided Guard Symbols MAC CE and Desired Guard Symbols MAC CE) for Case-6 and Case-7 timing modes are identified by the MAC subheader with eLCIDs as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b for DL-SCH and in Table 6.2.1-2b for UL-SCH.

The MAC CEs have fixed size and consist of three octets each, defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.37-1 and Figure 6.1.3.37-2):
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- Sub-carrier spacing (SCS): This field indicates the subcarrier spacing used as reference for the guard spacing. The length of this field is 2bits. The values for the SCS field are shown in Table 6.1.3.22-2;
- Number of Guard Symbols ( \( \mathrm{NmbGS}_{1} \) ): This field indicates the number of guard symbols for the switching scenarios shown in Table 5.18.19-2.

Figure 6.1.3.37-1: Case-6 timing Guard Symbols MAC CEs

ETSI