<!-- Page 273 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
272
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
6.1.3.56 Timing Advance Report MAC CE

The Timing Advance Report MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2. It has a fixed size and consists of two octets defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.56-1):
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- Timing Advance: Except for ATG in FR1, the Timing Advance field indicates the least integer number of slots, using subcarrier spacing of 15 kHz , greater than or equal to the Timing Advance value (see TS 38.211 [8], clause 4.3.1).

For ATG in FR1, the Timing Advance field indicates the least integer number of symbols greater than or equal to the Timing Advance value (see TS 38.211 [8], clause 4.3.1). The symbol duration is based on the subcarriers spacing the UE is currently configured with. In this release of the specification, only 15 kHz and 30 kHz SCS are applicable and only values 1 ... 56 are used.

The length of the field is 14 bits.

Figure 6.1.3.56-1: Timing Advance Report MAC CE
6.1.3.57 Differential Koffset MAC CE

The Differential Koffset MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a fixed size and consists of a single octet defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.57-1):
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- Differential Koffset: This field indicates the differential Koffset in the number of slots (see clause 4.2 in TS \( 38.213[6]) \), using subcarrier spacing of 15 kHz . The length of the field is 6 bits.

Figure 6.1.3.57-1: Differential Koffset MAC CE
6.1.3.58 BFD-RS Indication MAC CE

The BFD-RS Indication MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size, and includes a BFD-RS-ID \( { }_{0} \) field and a BFD-RS-ID \( { }_{1} \) field (optional) of failureDetectionSet 1, and a BFD-RS-ID \( { }_{0} \) field and a BFD-RS-ID 1 field (optional) of failureDetectionSet2.

It has a variable size consisting of following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- BWP ID: This field indicates a DL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.213 [6]. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;
- S: This field indicates the presence of the octet containing the BFD-RS ID1 of the same BFD-RS set. The S field set to 1 indicates that the octet containing BFD-RS ID \( { }_{1} \) is included. The \( S \) field set to 0 indicates that the octet containing the BFD-RS ID1 of the same BFD-RS set is not included;

ETSI