<!-- Page 189 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
188
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

2> perform SL-PRS reception according to the SL-PRS transmission information within the SCI as in clause 5.22.2.2.2 for SL-PRS received on Shared SL-PRS resource pool and as in clause 5.22.2.4 for SL-PRS received on Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool.
5.22.2.2 Sidelink HARQ operation and SL-PRS reception on Shared SL-PRS resource pool
5.22.2.2.1 Sidelink HARQ Entity

There is at most one Sidelink HARQ Entity at the MAC entity for reception of the SL-SCH, which maintains a number of parallel Sidelink processes.

Each Sidelink process is associated with SCI in which the MAC entity is interested. This interest is determined by the Sidelink identification information of the SCI. The Sidelink HARQ Entity directs Sidelink transmission information and associated TBs received on the SL-SCH to the corresponding Sidelink processes.

The number of Receiving Sidelink processes associated with the Sidelink HARQ Entity is defined in TS 38.306 [5].
For each PSSCH duration, the Sidelink HARQ Entity shall:
1> for each SCI valid for this PSSCH duration:
\( 2> \) if the NDI has been toggled compared to the value of the previous received transmission corresponding to the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of the SCI or this is the very first received transmission for the pair of the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of the SCI:

3> if there is a Sidelink process associated with the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of the SCI:

4> consider the Sidelink process as unoccupied;
4> flush the soft buffer for the Sidelink process.
\( 3> \) allocate the TB received from the physical layer and the associated Sidelink identification information and Sidelink process ID to an unoccupied Sidelink process;

3> associate the Sidelink process with the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of this SCI and consider this transmission to be a new transmission.

NOTE 1: When a new TB arrives, the Sidelink HARQ Entity allocates the TB to any unoccupied Sidelink process. If there is no unoccupied Sidelink process in the Sidelink HARQ entity, how to manage receiving Sidelink processes is up to UE implementation.

NOTE 1a: If the NDI has not been toggled compared to the value of the previous received transmission corresponding to the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of the SCI, and if there is no Sidelink process associated with the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of the SCI, it is up to UE implementation to handle the corresponding TB.

1> for each Sidelink process:
\( 2> \) if the NDI has not been toggled compared to the value of the previous received transmission corresponding to the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of the SCI for the Sidelink process according to its associated SCI:

3> allocate the TB received from the physical layer to the Sidelink process and consider this transmission to be a retransmission.

NOTE 2: A single sidelink process can only be (re-)associated to a single combination of Sidelink identification information and Sidelink process ID at a time and a single combination of Sidelink identification information and Sidelink process ID can only be (re-)associated to a single sidelink process at a time.

ETSI