<!-- Page 104 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
103
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 5> \) set HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process equal to drx-HARQ-RTTTimer D L plus the latest available UE-gNB RTT value;
\( 5> \) start the HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding transmission carrying the DL HARQ feedback.

4> else:
5> start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding transmission carrying the DL HARQ feedback.
\( 2> \) else if drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM is configured:
3> if the MAC PDU is received on a non-terrestrial network and the UE supports harq-RTT-TimerDL-ForNTN-MulticastMBS-r17:

4> set HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process equal to drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM plus the latest available UE-gNB RTT value;

4> start the HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding transmission carrying the DL HARQ feedback that would be performed if HARQ feedback were enabled.
\( 3> \) else:
4> start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding transmission carrying the DL HARQ feedback that would be performed if HARQ feedback were enabled.
\( 2> \) stop the \( d r x \)-RetransmissionTimerDL-PTM for the corresponding HARQ process;
\( 2> \) stop the drx-RetransmissionTimerDL for the corresponding HARQ process.
1> if a drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM expires:
\( 2> \) if the data of the corresponding HARQ process was not successfully decoded:
3> start the drx-RetransmissionTimerDL-PTM for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the expiry of drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM.

1> if a HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM-NTN expires:
\( 2> \) if the data of the corresponding HARQ process was not successfully decoded:
3> start the drx-RetransmissionTimerDL-PTM for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the expiry of HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-PTM-NTN.

1> if a DRX Command MAC CE indicated by PDCCH addressed to a G-RNTI or G-CS-RNTI, or by a configured downlink multicast assignment is received:
\( 2> \) stop drx-onDurationTimerPTM of the DRX for this G-RNTI or G-CS-RNTI, or the corresponding G-CSRNTI;
\( 2> \) stop drx-InactivityTimerPTM of the DRX for this G-RNTI or G-CS-RNTI, or the corresponding G-CS-RNTI.
\( 1> \) if \( [( \) SFN \( \times 10)+ \) subframe number \( ] \) modulo \( ( \) drx-LongCycle-PTM \( )= \) drx-StartOffset-PTM:
\( 2> \) start drx-onDurationTimerPTM after drx-SlotOffsetPTM from the beginning of the subframe.
1> if the MAC entity is in Active Time for this G-RNTI or G-CS-RNTI:
2> monitor the PDCCH for this G-RNTI or G-CS-RNTI as specified in TS 38.213 [6];
\( 2> \) if the PDCCH indicates a DL multicast transmission:
3> if HARQ feedback for MBS multicast is enabled:

ETSI