<!-- Page 123 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
122
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 4> \) start or restart the bwp-InactivityTimer associated with the active DL BWP.
\( 2> \) if the bwp-InactivityTimer associated with the active DL BWP expires:
\( 3> \) if the defaultDownlinkBWP-Id is configured:
\( 4> \) perform BWP switching to a BWP indicated by the defaultDownlinkBWP-Id.
\( 3> \) else:
4 if the UE is a (e)RedCap UE; and
\( 4> \) if mitialDownlinkBWP-RedCap is configured:
\( 5> \) perform BWP switching to the initialDownlinkBWP-RedCap.
\( 4> \) else:
\( 5> \) perform BWP switching to the initialDownlinkBWP.
NOTE: If a Random Access procedure is initiated on an SCell, both this SCell and the SpCell are associated with this Random Access procedure.
\( 1> \) if a PDCCH for BWP switching is received, and the MAC entity switches the active DL BWP:
\( 2> \) if the defaultDownlinkBWP-Id is configured, and the MAC entity switches to the DL BWP which is not indicated by the defaultDownlinkBWP-Id and is not indicated by the dormantBWP-Id if configured; or
\( 2> \) if the UE is neither a RedCap nor an eRedCap UE, and if the defaultDownlinkBWP-Id is not configured, and the MAC entity switches to the DL BWP which is not the mittialDownlinkBWP and is not indicated by the dormantBWP-Id if configured; or
\( 2> \) if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE, and if the defaultDownlinkBWP-Id is not configured, and initialDownlinkBWP-RedCap is not configured, and the MAC entity switches to the DL BWP which is not the initial DownlinkB WP; or
\( 2> \) if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE, and if the defaultDownlinkBWP-Id is not configured, and initial DownlinkB WP-RedCap is configured, and the MAC entity switches to the DL BWP which is not the initial-DownlinkBWP-RedCap:
\( 3> \) start or restart the bwp-InactivityTimer associated with the active DL BWP.
Upon initiation of the Random Access procedure, after selection of the carrier for performing Random Access procedure as specified in clause 5.1.1, if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE in RRC_IDLE or RRC_INACTIVE mode, the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if initialUplinkBWP-RedCap is configured for the selected carrier:
\( 2> \) perform the Random Access procedure as specified in clause 5.1 by using the BWP configured by initialUplinkBWP-RedCap-

1> else:
\( 2> \) perform the Random Access procedure as specified in clause 5.1 by using the BWP configured by initialUplinkBWP.
\( 1> \) if initialDownlinkBWP-RedCap is configured:
\( 2> \) if the Random Access procedure was initiated for SI request (as specified in TS 38.331 [5]) and the Random Access Resources for SI request have been explicitly provided by RRC, and if the selected carrier is SUL carrier:
\( 3> \) monitor the PDCCH on the BWP configured by initialDownlinkBWP.
\( 2> \) else:
\( 3> \) monitor the PDCCH on the BWP configured by intialDownlinkBWP-RedCap.

ETSI