<!-- Page 226 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
225
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.10-2: SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE of four octets

NOTE: If UE receives the SCell Activation/Deactivation MAC CE for an SCell configured with TRS for fast activation of the SCell, such TRS is not used for the corresponding SCell.
6.1.3.11 Duplication Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The Duplication Activation/Deactivation MAC CE of one octet is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1. It has a fixed size and consists of a single octet containing eight D-fields. The Duplication Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is defined, for a MAC entity, as follows (Figure 6.1.3.11-1).
- \( D_{1} \) : This field indicates the activation/deactivation status of the PDCP duplication of DRB \( i \) where \( i \) is the ascending order of the DRB ID among the DRBs configured with PDCP duplication and with RLC entity(ies) associated with this MAC entity. The \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \) field is set to 1 to indicate that the PDCP duplication of DRB i shall be activated. The \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \) field is set to 0 to indicate that the PDCP duplication of DRB i shall be deactivated.

Figure 6.1.3.11-1: Duplication Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

NOTE: The Duplication Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is not used if a DRB is configured with more than two RLC entities, i.e. with moreThanTwoRLC-DRB.
6.1.3.12 SP CSI-RS/CSI-IM Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The SP CSI-RS/CSI-IM Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1. It has a variable size and consists of the following fields:
- A/D: This field indicates whether to activate or deactivate indicated SP CSI-RS and CSI-[M resource set(s). The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation;
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- BWP ID: This field indicates a DL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;
- SP CSI-RS resource set ID: This field contains an index of NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet containing Semi Persistent NZP CSI-RS resources, as specified in TS 38.331 [5], indicating the Semi Persistent NZP CSI-RS resource set, which shall be activated or deactivated. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- IM: This field indicates the presence of the octet containing SP CSI-IM resource set ID field. If the IM field is set to 1 , the octet containing SP CSI-IM resource set ID field is present. If IM field is set to 0 , the octet containing SP CSI-IM resource set ID field is not present;

ETSI