<!-- Page 31 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
30
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

3> assume Msg1 repetition number applicable for the current Random Access procedure is the Msg1 repetition number that configured for this BWP.

NOTE 1: Void.
1> if neither contention-free Random Access Resources nor Random Access Resources for SI request have been provided for this Random Access procedure and one or more of the features including (e)RedCap and/or Slicing and/or SDT and/or MSG3 repetition and/or MSG1 repetition is applicable for this Random Access procedure:

NOTE 2: The applicability of SDT is determined by MAC entity according to clause 5.27. The applicability of NSAG-ID is determined by upper layers when the Random Access procedure is initiated. The applicability of (e)RedCap is also determined by upper layers when Random Access procedure is initiated and it is applicable to the Random Access procedures initiated by PDCCH orders and any Random Access procedure initiated by the MAC entity.

NOTE 3: SDT is not applicable for the Random Access procedure initiated by upper layers for MT-SDT.
\( 2> \) if none of the sets of Random Access resources are available for any feature applicable to the current Random Access procedure (as specified in clause 5.1.1c):

3> select the set(s) of Random Access resources that are not associated with any feature indication (as specified in clause 5.1.1c) for this Random Access procedure.
\( 2> \) else if there is one set of Random Access resources available which can be used for indicating all features triggering this Random Access procedure:

3> select this set of Random Access resources for this Random Access procedure.
2> else if there are more than one set of Random Access resources available which can be used for indicating all features triggering this Random Access procedure and Msg1 repetition is applicable for this Random Access procedure:

3> select the set of Random Access resources that associated with highest repetition number among the sets of Random Access resources.
\( 2> \) else (i.e there are one or more sets of Random Access resources available that are configured with indication(s) for a subset of all features triggering this Random Access procedure):

3> select a set of Random Access resources from the available set(s) of Random Access resources based on the priority order indicated by upper layers as specified in clause 5.1.1d for this Random Access Procedure.

1> else if contention-free Random Access Resources have been provided for this Random Access procedure in the LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE and a non-zero Msg1 repetition number is indicated in the LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE, and RedCap is applicable for the current Random Access procedure:
\( 2> \) select the set of Random Access resources that is only configured with RedCap indication and Msg1 repetition indication and associated with the indicated Msgl repetition number for this Random Access procedure.

1> else if contention-free Random Access Resources with Msg1 repetition have been provided for this Random Access procedure and Msgl repetition number is indicated in rach-ConfigDedicated, and RedCap is applicable for the current Random Access procedure:

2> select the set of Random Access resources that is only configured with RedCap indication and Msg1 repetition indication and associated with the indicated Msgl repetition number for this Random Access procedure.

1> else if contention-free Random Access Resources have been provided for this Random Access procedure in LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE and a non-zero Msgl repetition number is indicated in LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE, and eRedCap is applicable for the current Random Access procedure:
\( 2> \) select the set of Random Access resources that is only configured with eRedCap indication and Msg1 repetition indication and associated with the indicated Msgl repetition number for this Random Access procedure.

ETSI