<!-- Page 99 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
98
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 5> \) set HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process equal to drx-HARQ-RTTTimer D L plus the latest available UE-gNB RTT value;
\( 5> \) start the HARQ-RTT-TimerDL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding transmission carrying the DL HARQ feedback.
\( 3> \) else:
4> start or restart the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL for the corresponding HARQ process(es) whose HARQ feedback is reported in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding transmission carrying the DL HARQ feedback.

NOTE 3: When HARQ feedback is postponed by PDSCH-to-HARQ_feedback timing indicating an inapplicable k1 value, as specified in TS 38.213 [6], the corresponding transmission opportunity to send the DL HARQ feedback is indicated in a later PDCCH requesting the HARQ-ACK feedback.
\( 3> \) stop the drx-RetransmissionTimerDL for the corresponding HARQ process(es) whose HARQ feedback is reported;

3> stop the drx-RetransmissionTimerDL-PTM for the corresponding HARQ process;
3> if the PDSCH-to-HARQ_feedback timing indicate an inapplicable k 1 value as specified in TS 38.213 [6]:
4> start the drx-RetransmissionTimerDL in the first symbol after the (end of the last) PDSCH transmission (within a bundle) for the corresponding HARQ process.
\( 2> \) if the PDCCH indicates a UL transmission:
3> if this Serving Cell is configured with uplinkHARQ-Mode:
4 - if the corresponding HARQ process is configured as HARQModeA:
\( 5> \) set HARQ-RTT-TimerUL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process equal to drx-HARQ-RTTTimer \( U L \) plus the latest available UE-gNB RTT value;
\( 5> \) if drx-LastTransmissionUL is configured:
6> start the HARQ-RTT-TimerUL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the last transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.

5> else:
6> start the HARQ-RTT-TimerUL-NTN for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the first transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.

3> else:
4> if drx-LastTransmission UL is configured:
\( 5> \) start the \( d r x \)-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the last transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.

4 else:
\( 5> \) start the drx-HARQ-RTT-Timer UL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the first transmission (within a bundle) of the corresponding PUSCH transmission.

3> stop the drx-RetransmissionTimer UL for the corresponding HARQ process.
\( 2> \) if the PDCCH indicates an SL transmission:
\( 3> \) if the PUCCH resource is configured:
4> start the drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerSL for the corresponding HARQ process in the first symbol after the end of the corresponding PUCCH transmission carrying the SL HARQ feedback; or

ETSI