<!-- Page 88 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
87
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 7> \) obtain the value for the corresponding \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \Gamma, c} \) field for assumed PUSCH from the physical layer if available, as specified in clause 7.7 of TS 38.213 [6].
\( 6> \) obtain the value for the corresponding \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{J}, \mathrm{C}} \) field from the physical layer.
6> if mpe-Reporting-FR2 is configured and this Serving Cell operates on FR2 and this Serving Cell is associated to this MAC entity:
\( 7> \) obtain the value for the corresponding MPE field from the physical layer.
\( 4> \) else (ie if this MAC entity is not configured with phr-AssumedPUSCH-Reporting):
\( 5> \) if this MAC entity is configured with twoPHRMode and if this Serving Cell is configured with multipanelSchemeSDM or multipanelSchemeSFN:
\( 6> \) obtain two values for the corresponding \( P_{C M A X, 5, c, k} \) fields from the physical layer.
6> if mpe-Reporting-FR2 is configured and this Serving Cell operates on FR2 and this Serving Cell is associated to this MAC entity:
\( 7> \) obtain two values for the corresponding \( \mathrm{MPE}_{\mathrm{k}} \) fields from the physical layer.
\( 5> \) else:
6> if this MAC entity has UL resources allocated for transmission on this Serving Cell; or
\( 6> \) if the other MAC entity, if configured, has UL resources allocated for transmission on this Serving Cell and phr-ModeOtherCG is set to real by upper layers:
\( 7> \) obtain the value for the corresponding \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{C}, \mathrm{C}} \) field from the physical layer.
\( 7> \) if mpe-Reporting-FR2 is configured and this Serving Cell operates on FR2 and this Serving Cell is associated to this MAC entity:
\( 8> \) obtain the value for the corresponding MPE field from the physical layer.
\( 7> \) if mpe-Reporting-FR2-r17 is configured and this Serving Cell operates on FR2 and this Serving Cell is associated to this MAC entity:
\( 8> \) obtain the value for the corresponding MPE, field from the physical layer;
\( 8> \) obtain the value for the corresponding Resource, field from the physical layer.
\( 7> \) if dpc-Reporting-FRI is configured and \( \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass }} / \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass, }} \mathrm{CA} / \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass, }} \) ENDC/ \( \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass, } \mathrm{NR} \text {-DC reporting is triggered and this Serving Cell operates on FR1 and this }} \) Serving Cell is associated to this MAC entity:
\( 8> \) obtain the value for the corresponding DPC field(s) from the physical layer.
\( 3> \) if phr-Type2OtherCell with value true is configured:
4> if the other MAC entity is E-UTRA MAC entity:
\( 5> \) obtain the value of the Type 2 power headroom for the SpCell of the other MAC entity (i.e. EUTRA MAC entity);
\( 5> \) if phr-ModeOther \( C G \) is set to real by upper layers:
\( 6> \) obtain the value for the corresponding \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{J}, \mathrm{C}} \) field for the SpCell of the other MAC entity (i.e. E-UTRA MAC entity) from the physical layer.
\( 3> \) if this MAC entity is configured with mpe-Reporting-FR2-r17:
\( 4> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate and transmit the Enhanced Multiple entry PHR as defined in clause 6-1 3-49 based on the values reported by the physical layer.

ETSI