<!-- Page 53 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
52
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

3> start or restart the timeAlignmentTimer associated with TAG indicated in the received Random Access Response message or MSGB.
\( 2> \) else if the timeAlignmentTimer associated with the TAG indicated in the received Random Access Response message or MSGB is not running:
\( 3> \) apply the Timing Advance Command for this TAG;
3> start the timeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG;
3> when the Contention Resolution is considered not successful as described in clause 5.1.5:
4> stop the timeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG.
\( 2> \) else:
3> ignore the received Timing Advance Command.
\( 1> \) when a Timing Advance Command is received in a Random Access Response message for a Serving Cell not configured with two TAGs or in a MSGB for an SpCell not configured with two TAGs:
\( 2> \) if the Random Access Preamble was not selected by the MAC entity among the contention-based Random Access Preamble:

3> apply the Timing Advance Command for this TAG;
3> start or restart the timeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG.
\( 2> \) else if the timeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG is not running:
3> apply the Timing Advance Command for this TAG;
3> start the timeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG;
3> when the Contention Resolution is considered not successful as described in clause 5.1.5; or
3> when the Contention Resolution is considered successful for SI request as described in clause 5.1.5, after transmitting HARQ feedback for MAC PDU including UE Contention Resolution Identity MAC CE:

4> stop timeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG.
3> when the Contention Resolution is considered not successful as described in clause 5.1.5:
4> if CG-SDT procedure triggered as in clause 5.27 is ongoing:
\( 5> \) set the \( \mathrm{N}_{\text {TA }} \) value to the value before applying the received Timing Advance Command as in TS 38.211 [8].

3> when the Contention Resolution is considered successful for Random Access procedure while the CGSDT procedure is ongoing:

4> stop timeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG;
\( 4> \) start or restart the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG.
3> when the Contention Resolution is considered successful for Random Access procedure while SRS transmission in RRC_INACTIVE is ongoing:

4> if SRS positioning validity area is configured:
\( 5> \) start or restart the inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaTAT associated with the indicated TAG.
4> else:
\( 5> \) start or restart the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer associated with this TAG.
\( 2> \) else:

ETSI