<!-- Page 230 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
229
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- L: This field indciates whether the MAC CE applies to SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation for LTM or not. If Itm-CSI-ReportConfigToAddModList is not configured, R field is present instead (i.e. set to 0);
- \( \mathrm{S}_{1} \) : This field indicates the activation/deactivation status of the Semi-Persistent CSI report configuration within Itm-CSI-ReportConfigToAddModList if L field is set to 1 , or csi-ReportConfigToAddModList if L field is set to 0 , as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. \( \mathrm{S}_{0} \) refers to the report configuration which includes PUCCH resources for SP CSI reporting in the indicated BWP and has the lowest CSI-ReportConfigId or LTM-CSI-ReportConfigId within the list with type set to semiPersistentOnPUCCH, \( \mathrm{S}_{1} \) to the report configuration which includes PUCCH resources for SP CSI reporting in the indicated BWP and has the second lowest CSI-ReportConfigId or LTM-CSIReportConfigId and so on. If the number of report configurations within the list with type set to semiPersistentOnPUCCH in the indicated BWP is less than \( \mathrm{i}+1 \), MAC entity shall ignore the \( \mathrm{S}_{1} \) field. The \( \mathrm{S}_{1} \) field is set to 1 to indicate that the corresponding Semi-Persistent CSI report configuration shall be activated. The S , field is set to 0 to indicate that the corresponding Semi-Persistent CSI report configuration i shall be deactivated. If the Semi-Persistent CSI report configuration \( i \) is configured with csiReportSubConfigToAddModList, the \( \mathrm{S}_{1} \) field is set to 0 to additionally indicate that all sub-configurations within csi-ReportSubConfigToAddModList shall be deactivated;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

NOTE: If a Semi-Persistent CSI report configuration \( i \) is configured with csi-ReportSubConfigToAddModList, the corresponding \( S_{1} \) field is not set to 1 .

Figure 6.1.3.16-1: SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE
6.1.3.17 SP SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The SP SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1. It has a variable size with following fields:
- A/D: This field indicates whether to activate or deactivate indicated SP SRS resource set. The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation;
- SRS Resource Set's Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell, which contains activated/deactivated SP SRS Resource Set. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the Serving Cell which contains all resources indicated by the Resource \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) fields. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- SRS Resource Set's BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], which contains activated/deactivated SP SRS Resource Set. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the BWP which contains all resources indicated by the Resource ID, fields. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- C: This field indicates whether the octets containing Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s) are present. If this field is set to 1 , the octets containing Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s) are present, otherwise they are not present;
- SUL: This field indicates whether the MAC CE applies to the NUL carrier or SUL carrier configuration. This field is set to 1 to indicate that it applies to the SUL carrier configuration, and it is set to 0 to indicate that it applies to the NUL carrier configuration;
- SP SRS Resource Set ID: This field indicates the SP SRS Resource Set ID identified by SRS-ResourceSetld as specified in TS 38.331 [5], which is to be activated or deactivated. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- \( F_{1} \) : This field indicates the type of a resource used as a spatial relationship for SRS resource within SP SRS Resource Set indicated with SP SRS Resource Set ID field. \( F_{0} \) refers to the first SRS resource within the resource set, \( F_{1} \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 1 to indicate NZP CSI-RS resource index is used, and it is

ETSI