<!-- Page 54 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
53
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

3> ignore the received Timing Advance Command.
1> when an Absolute Timing Advance Command is received in response to a MSGA transmission including CRNTI MAC CE, as specified in clause 5.1.4a, for an SpCell configured with two TAGs:
\( 2> \) apply the Timing Advance Command for the PTAG indicated in the Absolute Timing Advance Command MAC CE
\( 2> \) start or restart the timeAlignmentTimer associated with this PTAG.
\( 1> \) when an Absolute Timing Advance Command is received in response to a MSGA transmission including CRNTI MAC CE, as specified in clause 5.1.4a, for an SpCell not configured with two TAGs:
\( 2> \) apply the Timing Advance Command for PTAG;
\( 2> \) if there is ongoing Positioning SRS Transmission in RRC_INACTIVE as in clause 5.26:
3> if SRS positioning validity area is configured:
4> start or restart the inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaTAT associated with the indicated TAG.
\( 3> \) else:
\( 4> \) start or restart the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer associated with the indicated TAG.
\( 2> \) if CG-SDT procedure is ongoing:
3> start or restart the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer associated with PTAG.
\( 2> \) else:
3> start or restart the timeAlignmentTimer associated with PTAG.
\( 1> \) when the MAC entity is configured with rach-LessHO:
\( 2> \) set the \( \mathrm{N}_{\text {TA }} \) value (as defined in TS 38.211 [8]) to the value indicated by targetNTA in rach-LessHO for PTAG;
\( 2> \) start the timeAlignmentTimer associated with PTAG.
\( 1> \) when the indication is received from upper layer for stopping the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer:
\( 2> \) stop the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer.
\( 1> \) when the indication is received from upper layer for starting the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer:
\( 2> \) start or restart the inactivePosSRS-TimeAlignmentTimer.
1> when instruction from the upper layer has been received for starting the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer:
\( 2> \) start the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer.
\( 1> \) when instruction from the upper layer has been received for stopping the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer:
\( 2> \) consider the cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer as expired.
\( 1> \) when the indication is received from upper layer for starting the inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaTAT:
\( 2> \) start or restart the inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaTAT.
\( 1> \) when the indication is received from upper layer for stopping the inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaTAT:
\( 2> \) stop the inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaTAT.
1> when instruction from the upper layer has been received for starting the TimeAlignmentTimer associated with PTAG:
\( 2> \) start the TimeAlignmentTimer associated with the indicated PTAG.

ETSI