<!-- Page 285 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
284
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

bits of the field indicate the offset, the offset range is from 0 dB to 10 dB , the value 0000 corresponds to 0 dB , the value 0001 corresponds to 1 dB and so on, the values from 1011 onwards are reserved. The next 7 left-most bits indicate the Pmax range, the Pmax range is from -60 dBm to 50 dBm , the value 0000000 corresponds to -60 dBm , the value 0000001 corresponds to -59 dBm and so on, the values from 1101111 onwards are reserved. The remaining 5 bits are set to zero. The length of the field is 16 bits;
- \( \mathrm{C}_{0} \) : This field indicates whether the octet containing multiplexing mode info (containing the Multiplexing mode info field) is included or not. The field is set to 1 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is included, and it is set to 0 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is not present. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) : This field indicates whether the two octets containing the Cell info are included or not. The field is set to 0 to indicate the two octets are not included (and subsequently, that no cell information is included). The field is set to 1 to indicate that the two octets are included. The length of the field is 1 bits;
- \( \mathrm{C}_{2} \) : This field indicates whether any information on [AB-MT UL beams is included or not. The field is set to 1 to indicate that at least one [AB-MT Resource set [D, field is included, and it is set to 0 to indicate that no [AB-MT Resource set \( \left[D_{1}\right. \) field is present. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- Multiplexing mode info: The two rightmost bits indicate which of the four multiplexing modes defined in TS 38.473 [27] is applicable. The third rightmost bit of this field indicates whether multiplexing restrictions mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the field are applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. This bit is set to 1 when multiplexing mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the Multiplexing mode info field is applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. This field is set to 0 when multiplexing mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the Multiplexing mode info field is not applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. The remaining 5 bits of this field are set to zero. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- Number of [AB-MT UL beams: This field indicates the number N of [AB-MT UL beams included in the MAC CE. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- [AB-MT Resource set [D: an indication of the [AB-MTs uplink beams. [AB-MT Resource set [D0 field refers to the first [AB-MT uplink beam, [AB-MT Resource set [D] field refers to the second [AB-MT uplink beam, and so on. If the total number N of beams included in the MAC CE is odd, the 4 right-most bits in the final octet of the [AB-MT Resource set are disregarded by the UE. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- DU resource configuration: when this field is set to 00 , the provided power adjustment is applied on FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals are non-overlapping in the frequency-domain; when this field is set to 01, the provided power adjustment is applied on non-FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals may overlap in the frequency-domain for a given (MT CC, DU cell); when this field is set to 10 , the provided power adjustment is applied on FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals are non-overlapping in the frequency-domain, and on non-FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals may overlap in the frequency-domain for a given (MT CC, DU cell). The length of the field is 2 bits;
- Cell info: indicates the cell configuration associated with the information contained in the MAC CE. [AB-DU cell is contained in the first nine bits of the field, while the Child IAB-MT Serving Cell index into the next 5 bits of the field. The length of the field is 14 bits.

ETSI