<!-- Page 227 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
226
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- SP CSI-IM resource set ID: This field contains an index of CSI-IM-ResourceSet containing Semi Persistent CSIIM resources, as specified in TS 38.331 [5], indicating the Semi Persistent CSI-[M resource set, which shall be activated or deactivated. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- TCI State [D1: This field contains TCI-Stateld, as specified in TS 38.331 [5], of a TCI State, which is used as QCL source for the resource within the Semi Persistent NZP CSI-RS resource set indicated by SP CSI-RS resource set ID field. TCI State [D0 indicates TCI State for the first resource within the set, TCI State [D1 for the second one and so on. The length of the field is 7 bits. If the \( A / D \) field is set to 0 , the octets containing TCI State ID field(s) are not present;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.12-1: SP CSI-RS/CSI-IM Resource Set Activation/Deactivation MAC CE
6.1.3.13 Aperiodic CSI Trigger State Subselection MAC CE

The Aperiodic CSI Trigger State Subselection MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1. It has a variable size consisting of following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- BWP ID: This field indicates a DL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;
- \( T_{1} \) : This field indicates the selection status of the Aperiodic Trigger States configured within aperiodicTriggerStateList, as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. \( \mathrm{T}_{0} \) refers to the first trigger state within the list, \( \mathrm{T}_{1} \) to the second one and so on. If the list does not contain entry with index i , MAC entity shall ignore the \( \mathrm{T}_{1} \) field. The T, field is set to 1 to indicate that the Aperiodic Trigger State i shall be mapped to the codepoint of the DCI CSI request field, as specified in TS 38.214 [7]. The codepoint to which the Aperiodic Trigger State is mapped is determined by its ordinal position among all the Aperiodic Trigger States with \( T_{1} \) field set to 1, i.e. the first Aperiodic Trigger State with \( \mathrm{T}_{1} \) field set to 1 shall be mapped to the codepoint value 1, second Aperiodic Trigger State with \( T_{1} \) field set to 1 shall be mapped to the codepoint value 2 and so on. The maximum number of mapped Aperiodic Trigger States is 63;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI