<!-- Page 2 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
1
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Reference
RTS/TSGR-0238321vi20
Keywords
5G

ETSI
650 Route des Lucioles
F-06921 Sophia Antipolis Cedex - FRANCE
Tel.: +33492944200 Fax: +33493654716
Siret N \( { }^{\circ} 34862356200017 \) - APE 7112B
Association à but non lucratif enregistrée à la
Sous-Préfecture de Grasse (06) No w061004871

Important notice
The present document can be downloaded from the ETSI Search \& Browse Standards application.

The present document may be made available in electronic versions and/or in print. The content of any electronic and/or print versions of the present document shall not be modified without the prior written authorization of ETSI. In case of any existing or perceived difference in contents between such versions and/or in print, the prevailing version of an ETSI deliverable is the one made publicly available in PDF format on ETSI deliver.

Users should be aware that the present document may be revised or have its status changed, this information is available in the Milestones listing.

If you find errors in the present document, please send your comments to the relevant service listed under Committee Support Staff.

If you find a security vulnerability in the present document, please report it through our Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure (CVD) program.

Notice of disclaimer \& limitation of liability
The information provided in the present deliverable is directed solely to professionals who have the appropriate degree of experience to understand and interpret its content in accordance with generally accepted engineering or other professional standard and applicable regulations.
No recommendation as to products and services or vendors is made or should be implied.
No representation or warranty is made that this deliverable is technically accurate or sufficient or conforms to any law and/or governmental rule and/or regulation and further, no representation or warranty is made of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose or against infringement of intellectual property rights.
In no event shall ETSI be held liable for loss of profits or any other incidental or consequential damages.
Any software contained in this deliverable is provided "AS IS" with no warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of intellectual property rights and ETSI shall not be held liable in any event for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of or related to the use of or inability to use the software.

Copyright Notification
No part may be reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and microfilm except as authorized by written permission of ETSI.
The content of the PDF version shall not be modified without the written authorization of ETSI.
The copyright and the foregoing restriction extend to reproduction in all media.
(c) ETSI 2024.

All rights reserved.

ETSI