<!-- Page 241 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
240
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- SRS Resource's Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell, which contains the indicated SP/AP SRS Resource. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the Serving Cell which contains all resources indicated by the Resource \( [\mathrm{Di} \) fields. The length of the field is 5 bits. The indicated Serving Cell is configured as part of a simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedListl or simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedList2 as specified in TS 38.331 [5], and this MAC CE applies to all the Serving Cells configured in the set simultaneousSpatialUpdatedListl or simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedList2, respectively;
- SRS Resource's BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], which contains the indicated AP/SP SRS Resource. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the BWP which contains all resources indicated by the Resource \( \mathrm{ID}_{1} \) fields. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- C: This field indicates whether the octets containing Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s) are present. If this field is set to 1 , the Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s) are present, otherwise they are not present so MAC entity shall ignore Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s);
- SRS Resource ID: This field indicates the SP/AP SRS Resource ID identified by SRS-Resourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- \( F_{1} \) : This field indicates the type of a resource used as a spatial relationship for SRS resource indicated with SRS Resource \( \mathrm{ID}_{1} \) field. \( \mathrm{F}_{0} \) refers to the first SRS resource which is indicated SRS Resource \( \mathrm{ID}_{1}, \mathrm{~F}_{1} \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 1 to indicate NZP CSI-RS resource index is used, and it is set to 0 to indicate either SSB index or SRS resource index is used. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- Resource Serving Cell ID1: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell on which the resource used for spatial relationship derivation for SRS Resource [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \) is located. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- Resource BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], on which the resource used for spatial relationship derivation for SRS Resource [D, is located. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- Resource ID: This field contains an identifier of the resource used for spatial relationship derivation for SRS resource i. Resource \( I D_{0} \) refers to the first SRS resource which is indicated SRS Resource \( I D_{0} \), Resource \( I D_{1} \) to the second one and so on. If \( F_{1} \) is set to 0 , the first bit of this field is always set to 0 . If \( F_{1} \) is set to 0 , and the second bit of this field is set to 1, the remainder of this field contains SSB-Index as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. If \( F_{1} \) is set to 0 , and the second bit of this field is set to 0 , the remainder of this field contains SRS-Resourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 8 bits.
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI