<!-- Page 91 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
90
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

IAB-MT may report Extended Pre-emptive BSR (as defined in clause 6.1.3.1) if the MAC entity of the IAB-MT is configured with logicalChannelGrouplAB-Ext by upper layers. Otherwise IAB-MT may report Pre-emptive BSR (as defined in clause 6.1.3.1).

The MAC entity shall:
1> if the Pre-emptive Buffer Status reporting procedure determines that at least one Pre-emptive BSR has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if UL-SCH resources are available for a new transmission and the UL-SCH resources can accommodate the Extended Pre-emptive BSR or Pre-emptive BSR MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of logical channel prioritization:

3> instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the Extended Pre-emptive BSR or Preemptive BSR MAC CE as defined in clause 6.1.3.1.
\( 2> \) else:
3> trigger a Scheduling Request.
A MAC PDU shall contain at most one Pre-emptive BSR MAC CE or Extended Pre-emptive BSR MAC CE, even when multiple events have triggered a Pre-emptive BSR.

All triggered Pre-emptive BSR(s) shall be cancelled when a MAC PDU is transmitted and this PDU includes the corresponding Pre-emptive BSR MAC CE or Extended Pre-emptive BSR MAC CE.

NOTE: Pre-emptive BSR may be used for the case of dual-connected [AB node. It is up to network implementation to work out the associated MAC entity or entities which report the Pre-emptive BSR, and the associated expected amount of data reported by any such entity or entities. For the case of dualconnected IAB node, if two ingress BH RLC channels belonging to the same ingress LCG are mapped to two different egress Cell Groups (corresponding to different parent nodes), there may be ambiguity in Pre-emptive BSR calculations and interpretation by the receiving parent node(s) and the [AB node reporting pre-emptive BSR.
5.4.8 Timing Advance Reporting

The Timing Advance reporting procedure is used in a non-terrestrial network or an air to ground network to provide the gNB with an estimate of the UE's Timing Advance value (i.e., \( T_{\text {TA }} \) as defined in the UE's TA formula, see TS 38.211 [8] clause 4.3.1).

RRC controls Timing Advance reporting by configuring the following parameters:
- offsetThresholdTA;
- timingAdvanceSR.

A Timing Advance report (TAR) shall be triggered if any of the following events occur:
- upon indication from upper layers to trigger a Timing Advance report;
- upon configuration of offsetThresholdTA by upper layers, if the UE has not previously reported Timing Advance value to current Serving Cell;
- if the variation between the current estimate of the Timing Advance value and the last reported Timing Advance value is equal to or larger than offsetThresholdTA, if configured.

The MAC entity shall:
1> if the Timing Advance reporting procedure determines that at least one TAR has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if UL-SCH resources are available for a new transmission and the UL-SCH resources can accommodate the Timing Advance Report MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of logical channel prioritization:

ETSI