<!-- Page 13 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
12
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Listen Before Talk: A procedure according to which transmissions are not performed if the channel is identified as being occupied, see TS 37.213 [18].

LTM candidate cell: A candidate cell configured for LTM as defined in TS 38.331 [5].
Msg3: Message transmitted on UL-SCH containing a C-RNTI MAC CE or CCCH SDU, submitted from upper layer and associated with the UE Contention Resolution Identity, as part of a Random Access procedure.

Multi-path: Mode of operation of a UE in RRC_CONNECTED configured with one direct path on which the UE connects to gNB using NR Uu, and one indirect path on which the UE connects to the same gNB via another UE using PC5 unicast link or non-3GPP connection (N3C).

Multi-PUSCH configured grant: A configured grant configuration that includes multiple consecutive configured uplink grants within a single periodicity.

N3C indirect path: In Multi-path, the indirect path using Non-3GPP Connection between remote UE and relay UE.
NCR-Fwd: NCR-node function, which performs amplifying-and-forwarding of UL/DL RF signals between gNB and UE. The behavior of the NCR-Fwd is controlled according to the side control information received by the NCR-MT from a gNB .

NCR-MT: NCR-node entity which communicates with a gNB via a control link to receive side control information. The control link is based on NR Uu interface.

NCR-node: RAN node comprising NCR-MT and NCR-Fwd.
Non-terrestrial network: An NG-RAN consisting of gNBs, which provide non-terrestrial NR access to UEs by means of an NTN payload embarked on an airborne or space-borne NTN vehicle and an NTN Gateway.

NR backhaul link: NR link used for backhauling between an [AB-node and an [AB-donor, and between [AB-nodes in case of a multi-hop backhauling.

NR sidelink communication: AS functionality enabling at least V2X Communication as defined in TS 23.287 [19] and ProSe communication (including ProSe non-Relay, UE-to-Network Relay and UE-to-UE Relay communication (including ProSe UE-to-UE Relay communication with integrated discovery)) as defined in TS 23.304 [26], between two or more nearby UEs, using NR technology but not traversing any network node.

NR sidelink discovery: AS functionality enabling ProSe non-Relay discovery, ProSe UE-to-Network Relay discovery and ProSe UE-to-UE Relay discovery for Proximity based Services as defined in TS 23.304 [26], between two or more nearby UEs, using NR technology but not traversing any network node.

NR sidelink transmission: Any NR Sidelink-based transmission, including transmission for NR sidelink discovery, transmission for NR sidelink communication, transmission for Ranging/Sidelink Positioning, and transmission for A2X communication.

PDCCH occasion: A time duration (i.e. one or a consecutive number of symbols) during which the MAC entity is configured to monitor the PDCCH.

Positioning SRS Bandwidth Aggregation: Transmission of positioning SRS on multiple carriers in RRC_CONNECTED and RRC_INACTIVE where the positioning SRS resources are linked in RRC configuration as defined in TS 38.331 [5].

PRS Processing Window: A time window during which UE may perform PRS measurement inside the active DL BWP with the same numerology as the active DL BWP without measurement gap.

Ranging/Sidelink Positioning: AS functionality enabling ranging-based services and sidelink positioning as specified in TS 23.586 [30].

RB set: A RB set refers to a contiguous set of resource blocks (RBs) on which a channel access procedure is performed in shared spectrum as defined in TS 37.213 [18].

RedCap UE: A UE with reduced capabilities as specified in clause 4.2.21.1 in TS 38.306 [25].
Serving Cell: A PCell, a PSCell, or an SCell in TS 38.331 [5].

ETSI