<!-- Page 90 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
89
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 5> \) obtain the value for the corresponding MPE, field from the physical layer;
\( 5> \) obtain the value for the corresponding Resource, field from the physical layer.
\( 4> \) if dpc-Reporting-FRI is configured and this Serving Cell operates on FR1:
\( 5> \) obtain the value for the corresponding DPC field from the physical layer.
\( 3> \) if this MAC entity is configured with mpe-Reporting-FR2-r17:
4> instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate and transmit the Enhanced Single entry PHR as defined in clause 6.1.3.48 based on the values reported by the physical layer.
\( 3> \) else if this MAC entity is configured with twoPHRMode and this Serving Cell is configured with multipanelSchemeSDM or multipanelSchemeSFN:
\( 4> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate and transmit the Enhanced Single Entry PHR for multiple TRP STx2P MAC CE as defined in clause 6.1.3.81 based on the values reported by the physical layer.

3> else if this MAC entity is configured with twoPHRMode and this Serving Cell is configured with multiple TRP PUSCH repetition:
\( 4> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate and transmit the Enhanced Single Entry PHR for multiple TRP MAC CE as defined in clause 6.1.3.50 based on the values reported by the physical layer.
\( 3> \) else if this MAC entity is configured with phr-AssumedPUSCH-Reporting:
\( 4> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate and transmit the Single Entry PHR with assumed PUSCH MAC CE as defined in clause 6.1.3.78 based on the values reported by the physical layer.

3> else:
\( 4> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate and transmit the Single Entry PHR MAC CE as defined in clause 6.1.3.8 based on the values reported by the physical layer.
\( 2> \) if this PHR report is an MPE P-MPR report:
3> start or restart the mpe-ProhibitTimer;
\( 3> \) cancel triggered MPE P-MPR reporting for Serving Cells included in the PHR MAC CE.
\( 2> \) start or restart phr-PeriodicTimer;
\( 2> \) start or restart phr-ProhibitTimer;
\( 2> \) cancel all triggered PHR(s).
All triggered PHRs shall be cancelled when there is an ongoing SDT procedure as in clause 5.27 and the UL grant(s) can accommodate all pending data available for transmission but is not sufficient to additionally accommodate the PHR MAC CE plus its subheader.
5.4.7 Pre-emptive Buffer Status Reporting

The Pre-emptive Buffer Status reporting (Pre-emptive BSR) procedure is used by an [AB-MT to provide its parent [ABDU(s) or [AB-donor-DU(s) with the information about the amount of the data expected to arrive at the [AB-MT from its child node(s) and/or UE(s) connected to it.

If configured, Pre-emptive BSR may be triggered for the specific case of an IAB-MT if any of the following events occur:
- UL grant is provided to child IAB node or UE;
- BSR is received from child IAB node or UE.

ETSI