<!-- Page 141 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
140
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

4- if the MAC entity is associated with SCG:
\( 5> \) indicate to upper layers to skip the Random Access procedure for this LTM cell switch.
3> else if the Timing Advance measurement is configured as specified in TS 38.331 [5] and the UE has successfully measured the Timing Advance for the indicated LTM target:
\( 4> \) process the measured Timing Advance (see clause 5.2);
4 - consider the RACH-less LTM cell switch to be ongoing.
4> if the MAC entity is associated with SCG:
\( 5> \) indicate to upper layers to skip the Random Access procedure for this LTM cell switch.
3> consider the SSB associated to the TCI state indicated by TCI state ID field as the one used for configured uplink grant selection for the initial uplink transmission towards the candidate cell for RACH-less LTM cell switch (as in clause 5.8.2);

3> indicate to lower layers the information regarding the TCI state information included in the LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE.
5.18.36 Candidate Cell TCI States Activation/Deactivation

The network may activate and deactivate the TCI states of LTM candidate cell(s) configured in CandidateTCI-State and CandidateTCI-UL-State by sending the Candidate Cell TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.13.76. The network deactivates the TCI state(s) for one LTM candidate cell by not including the corresponding TCI state ID field(s) in the Candidate Cell TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.

The MAC entity shall:
1> if the MAC entity receives a Candidate Cell TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Candidate Cell TCI States Activation/Deactivation MAC CE
5.18.37 Activation/Deactivation of Aggregated Semi-Persistent Positioning SRS

The network may activate and deactivate the configured aggregated resource sets of Semi-Persistent Positioning SRS by sending the Aggregated SP Positioning SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.83. The configured aggregated SP positioning SRS resource sets are initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an Aggregated SP Positioning SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Aggregated SP Positioning SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.
5.19 Data inactivity monitoring

The UE may be configured by RRC with a Data inactivity monitoring functionality, when in RRC_CONNECTED. RRC controls Data inactivity operation by configuring the timer datalnactivityTimer.

When datalnactivityTimer is configured, the UE shall:
\( 1> \) if any MAC entity receives a MAC SDU for DTCH logical channel, DCCH logical channel, or CCCH logical channel, or multicast MTCH logical channel; or

1> if any MAC entity transmits a MAC SDU for DTCH logical channel, or DCCH logical channel:

ETSI