<!-- Page 310 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
309
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

MAC CE is placed after all the MAC subPDU(s) with MAC SDU and before the MAC subPDU with padding in the MAC PDU as depicted in Figure 6.1.6-2. The size of padding can be zero.

Figure 6.1.6-2: Example of an SL MAC PDU

A maximum of one MAC PDU can be transmitted per TB per MAC entity.
6.2 Formats and parameters
6.2.1 MAC subheader for DL-SCH and UL-SCH

The MAC subheader consists of the following fields:
- LCID: The Logical Channel ID field identifies the logical channel instance of the corresponding MAC SDU or the type of the corresponding MAC CE or padding as described in Tables 6.2.1-1 and 6.2.1-1c for the DL-SCH and Tables 6.2.1-2 and 6.2.1-2c for the UL-SCH. There is one LCID field per MAC subheader. The size of the LCID field is 6 bits. If the LCID field is set to 34 as in Table 6.2.1-1 or 6.2.1-2, one additional octet is present in the MAC subheader containing the eLCID field and follow the octet containing LCID field. If the LCID field is set to 33 as in Table 6.2.1-1 or 6.2.1-2, two additional octets are present in the MAC subheader containing the eLCID field and these two additional octets follow the octet containing LCID field;

NOTE 1: For MBS broadcast, a logical channel is identified based on G-RNTI and LCID if the same LCID is allocated for logical channels corresponding to different G-RNTIs.
- eLCID: The extended Logical Channel ID field identifies the logical channel instance of the corresponding MAC SDU or the type of the corresponding MAC CE as described in tables 6.2.1-1a, 6.2.1-1b, 6.2.1-2a and 6.2.1-2b for the DL-SCH and UL-SCH respectively. The size of the eLCID field is either 8 bits or 16 bits.

NOTE 2: The extended Logical Channel ID space using two-octet eLCID and the relevant MAC subheader format is used, only when configured, on the NR backhaul links between \( [\mathrm{AB} \) nodes or between \( [\mathrm{AB} \) node and IAB Donor, or for multicast MTCHs.
- L: The Length field indicates the length of the corresponding MAC SDU or variable-sized MAC CE in bytes. There is one \( L \) field per MAC subheader except for subheaders corresponding to fixed-sized MAC CEs, padding, and MAC SDUs containing UL CCCH. The size of the L field is indicated by the F field;
- F: The Format field indicates the size of the Length field. There is one F field per MAC subheader except for subheaders corresponding to fixed-sized MAC CEs, padding, and MAC SDUs containing UL CCCH. The size of the F field is 1 bit. The value 0 indicates 8 bits of the Length field. The value 1 indicates 16 bits of the Length field;
- LX: The LCID extension field indicates the use of extended LCID space. The size of the LX field is 1 bit. The LX field set to 1 indicates the use of Table 6.2.1-2c, otherwise R bit is present instead (i.e. set to 0);
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

The MAC subheader is octet aligned.

ETSI