<!-- Page 259 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
258
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

levels in dB are specified in TS 38.133 [11]. The length of the field is 2 bits. If mpe-Reporting-FR2-r17 is not configured, or if the Serving Cell operates on FR1, or if the \( \mathrm{P}_{1} \) field is set to \( 0, \mathrm{R} \) bits are present instead;
- Resource; This field indicates the candidate beam identified by the number of entries in the corresponding mpeResourcePoolToAddModList as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of this field 6 bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.48-1: Enhanced Single Entry PHR MAC CE
6.1.3.49 Enhanced Multiple Entry PHR MAC CE

The Enhanced Multiple Entry PHR MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.12b. It has a variable size with following fields:
- \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) : This field indicates the presence of PH field(s) for the Serving Cell with ServCellIndex i as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field set to 1 indicates that PH field(s) for the Serving Cell with ServCellIndex i is reported. The \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field set to 0 indicates that a PH field for the Serving Cell with ServCellIndex i is not reported;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- V: This field indicates if the PH value is based on a real transmission or a reference format. For Type 1 PH , the V field set to 0 indicates real transmission on PUSCH and the V field set to 1 indicates that a PUSCH reference format is used. For Type 2 PH, the V field set to 0 indicates real transmission on PUCCH and the V field set to 1 indicates that a PUCCH reference format is used. For Type 3 PH , the V field set to 0 indicates real transmission on SRS and the V field set to 1 indicates that an SRS reference format is used. Furthermore, for Type 1, Type 2, and Type 3 PH , the V field set to 0 indicates the presence of the octet containing the associated \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{C}} \) field and the MPE field, and the V field set to 1 indicates that the octet containing the associated \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{Fe}} \) field and the MPE field is omitted;
- Power Headroom (PH): This field indicates the power headroom level. The length of the field is 6 bits. The reported PH and the corresponding power headroom levels are shown in Table 6.1.3.8-1 (the corresponding measured values in dB for the NR Serving Cell are specified in TS 38.133 [11] while the corresponding measured values in dB for the E-UTRA Serving Cell are specified in TS 36.133 [12]);
- P: If mpe-Reporting-FR2 is configured and the Serving Cell operates on FR2, the MAC entity shall set this field to 0 if the applied P-MPR value, to meet MPE requirements, as specified in TS 38.101-2 [15], is less than PMPR_00 as specified in TS 38.133 [11] and to 1 otherwise. If mpe-Reporting-FR2 is not configured or the Serving Cell operates on FR1, this field indicates whether power backoff is applied due to power management (as allowed by \( \mathrm{P}^{-} \mathrm{MPR}_{\mathrm{c}} \) as specified in TS 38.101-1 [14], TS 38.101-2 [15], and TS 38.101-3 [16]). The MAC

ETSI