<!-- Page 131 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
130
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific PDSCH MAC CE described in clause 6.1_3.14. The network may activate and deactivate the configured TCI states for a codepoint of the DCI Transmission configuration indication field as specified in TS 38.212 [9] for PDSCH of a Serving Cell by sending the Enhanced TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UEspecific PDSCH MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.24. The configured TCI states for PDSCH are initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific PDSCH MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific PDSCH MAC CE.

1> if the MAC entity receives an Enhanced TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific PDSCH MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Enhanced TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UEspecific PDSCH MAC CE.
5.18.5 Indication of TCI state for UE-specific PDCCH

The network may indicate a TCI state for PDCCH reception for a CORESET of a Serving Cell or a set of Serving Cells configured in simultaneousTCI-UpdateList I or simultaneousTCI-UpdateList 2 by sending the TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.15 or the cross-RRH TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.77. The network may also indicate two TCI states for PDCCH reception for a CORESET of a Serving Cell or a set of Serving Cells configured in simultaneousTCI-UpdateListl or simultaneousTCI-UpdateList 2 by sending the Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.44.

The MAC entity shall:
1> if the MAC entity receives a TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE.
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE.

1> if the MAC entity receives a cross-RRH TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the cross-RRH TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE.
5.18.6 Activation/Deactivation of Semi-persistent CSI reporting on PUCCH

The network may activate and deactivate the configured Semi-persistent CSI reporting on PUCCH of a Serving Cell by sending the SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.16 or the Enhanced SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.80. The network may activate and deactivate at least one of the configured sub-configuration of a configured Semi-Persistent CSI reporting on PUCCH of a Serving Cell by sending the Enhanced SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.80. For each Semi-persistent CSI reporting on PUCCH configuration configured with csi-ReportSubConfigToAddModList, the network may deactivate all configured sub-configurations by sending the SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE. The configured Semi-persistent CSI reporting on PUCCH is initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall:

ETSI