<!-- Page 174 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
173
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.22.1.3.3 HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection

For each carrier associated with a PC5-RRC connection, the HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection procedure is used to detect Sidelink RLF based on a number of consecutive DTX on PSFCH reception occasions for a PC5-RRC connection.

RRC configures the following parameter to control HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection:
- sl-maxNumConsecutiveDTX.

The following UE variable is used for HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection.
- numConsecutiveDTX, which is maintained per carrier per PC5-RRC connection.

For each carrier associated with a PC5-RRC connection, the Sidelink HARQ Entity shall (re-)initialize numConsecutiveDTX to zero for each PC5-RRC connection which has been established by upper layers, if any, upon establishment of the PC5-RRC connection or (re)configuration of \( s \)-maxNumConsecutiveDTX.

For each carrier associated with a PC5-RRC connection, the Sidelink HARQ Entity shall for each PSFCH reception occasion associated to the PSSCH transmission:

1> if PSFCH reception is absent on the PSFCH reception occasion:
\( 2> \) increment numConsecutiveDTX by 1;
NOTE 1: For SL operation with shared spectrum channel access, UE increases the numConsecutiveDTX by 1 when the UE fails to detect the HARQ feedback on all the associated PSFCH resources according to clause 16.3.0 of TS 38.213 [6].
\( 2> \) if more than one carrier selected as defined in clause 5.22.1.11 is considered as the carriers for HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection:

3> if numConsecutiveDTX reaches \( s \)-maxNumConsecutiveDTX for all carriers applied for HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection:
\( 4> \) indicate HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection to upper layers (i.e., RRC layer and V2X layer).
\( 3> \) else if numConsecutiveDTX reaches \( s i \)-maxNumConsecutiveDTX for a carrier applied for HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection:
\( 4> \) trigger the TX carrier (re-)selection procedure as specified in clause 5.22.1.11;
\( 4> \) indicate HARQ-based Sidelink carrier failure to upper layers (i.e., RRC layer and V2X layer).
\( 2> \) else:
3> if numConsecutiveDTX reaches sl-maxNumConsecutiveDTX:
4 - indicate HARQ-based Sidelink RLF detection to upper layers.
1> else:
\( 2> \) re-initialize numConsecutiveDTX to zero.
5.22.1.3.4 Processing of sidelink grant on Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool

For each sidelink grant, the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity determines that the sidelink grant is used for initial transmission as specified in clause 5.22.1.1; or
\( 1> \) if the sidelink grant is a configured sidelink grant and no MAC PDU has been obtained in an \( s l \)-PeriodCG of the configured sidelink grant:
\( 2> \) associate a Sidelink process to this sidelink grant;
\( 2> \) set the Destination ID to the Destination layer-2 ID corresponding to the SL-PRS transmission;

ETSI