<!-- Page 317 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
316
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- T1: The T1 field is a flag indicating whether the MAC subheader contains a Random Access Preamble ID or T2. The T1 field is set to 1 to indicate the presence of a Random Access Preamble ID field in the subheader (RAPID). The T1 field is set to 0 to indicate the presence of T2 field in the subheader;
- T2: The T2 field is a flag indicating whether the MAC subheader contains a Backoff Indicator (BI) or a MAC SDU indicator (S). The T2 field is set to 0 to indicate the presence of a Backoff Indicator field in the subheader. The T2 field is set to 1 to indicate the presence of the S field in the subheader;
- S: This field indicates whether 'MAC subPDU(s) for MAC SDU' follow the MAC subPDU including this MAC subheader or not; The S field is set to 1 to indicate presence of 'MAC subPDU(s) for MAC SDU'. The S field is set to 0 to indicate absence of 'MAC subPDU(s) for MAC SDU';
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- BI: The Backoff Indicator field identifies the overload condition in the cell. The size of the BI field is 4 bits;
- RAPID: The Random Access Preamble IDentifier field identifies the transmitted Random Access Preamble (see clause 5.1.3). The size of the RAPID field is 6 bits.

The MAC subheader is octet aligned.
6.2.3 MAC payload for Random Access Response

The MAC RAR is of fixed size as depicted in Figure 6.2.3-1, and consists of the following fields:
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- TI: If two TAGs are configured for the Serving Cell in which the Random Access procedure is being performed, this field indicates one of the two TAGs to which the Timing Advance Command is applied. If tag2-flag is set to true by upper layers, the field set to 0 indicates the tag2-Id and the field set to 1 indicates the tag-Id of the Serving Cell, otherwise the field set to 0 indicates the tag-Id and the field set to 1 indicates the tag2-Id of the Serving Cell. If the Serving Cell in which the Random Access procedure is being performed is not configured with two TAGs, the \( R \) bit is present instead;
- Timing Advance Command: The Timing Advance Command field indicates the index value \( T_{A} \) used to control the amount of timing adjustment that the MAC entity has to apply in TS 38.213 [6]. The size of the Timing Advance Command field is 12 bits;
- UL Grant: The Uplink Grant field indicates the resources to be used on the uplink in TS 38.213 [6]. The size of the UL Grant field is 27 bits;
- Temporary C-RNTI: The Temporary C-RNTI field indicates the temporary identity that is used by the MAC entity during Random Access. The size of the Temporary C-RNTI field is 16 bits.

The MAC RAR is octet aligned.

ETSI