<!-- Page 138 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
137
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- apply the configuration signalled in the MAC CE to the time slots indicated in IAB-ResourceConfig (as specified in TS 38.331 [5]) which contains iab-ResourceConfigID parameter which matches the Resource Configuration ID field of the MAC CE.

The MAC entity may:
\( 1> \) if an [AB-MT Recommended Beam Indication query has not been triggered:
\( 2> \) trigger an [AB-MT Recommended Beam Indication query for this Serving Cell.
If the MAC entity has UL resources allocated for new transmission the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) for each [AB-MT Recommended Beam Indication query that has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if the allocated UL resources can accommodate a [AB-MT Recommended Beam Indication MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of LCP as defined in clause 5.4.3.1:
\( 3> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the [AB-MT Recommended Beam Indication MAC CE;
\( 3> \) cancel this [AB-MT Recommended Beam Indication query.
5.18.27 DL TX power adjustment for IAB

DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE is used by an [AB-node to indicate to its child node spatial resources and associated frequency information where the DL TX power adjustment contained in the MAC CE applies. Desired DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE is used by an [AB-node to indicate to its parent node recommendations for such a restriction. Time resources where these restrictions/recommendations can apply are indicated via RRC, while the MAC CE further selects from these time resources the specific time resource configuration (comprising a list of slot indices) to which information provided in the MAC CE applies.

Upon reception of a DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE the [AB-node shall:
- apply the configuration signalled in the MAC CE to the time slots indicated in IAB-ResourceConfig (as specified in TS 38.331 [5]) which contains iab-ResourceConfigID parameter which matches the Resource Configuration ID field of the MAC CE.

The MAC entity may:
\( 1> \) if a Desired DL TX Power Adjustment query has not been triggered:
\( 2> \) trigger a Desired DL TX Power Adjustment query for this Serving Cell.
If the MAC entity has UL resources allocated for new transmission the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) for each Desired DL TX Power Adjustment query that has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if the allocated UL resources can accommodate a Desired DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of LCP as defined in clause 5.4.3.1:
\( 3> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the Desired DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE;
\( 3> \) cancel this Desired DL TX Power Adjustment query.
5.18.28 UL PSD range adjustment for IAB

Desired [AB-MT PSD range MAC CE is used by an [AB-node to indicate to its parent node a recommendation of spatial resources and associated frequency information where the desired PSD range, contained in the MAC CE (and provided to help with the node's UL TX power control) could apply. Time resources where these recommendations can apply are indicated via RRC, while the MAC CE further selects from these time resources the specific time resource configuration (comprising a list of slot indices) to which information provided in the MAC CE applies.

The MAC entity may:

ETSI