<!-- Page 33 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
32
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 6> \) select this set of Random Access resources for this Random Access procedure. \( 5> \) else:
\( 6> \) select the set of Random Access Resources that is only configured with eRedCap indication and Msgl repetition indication and associated with the indicated Msgl repetition number.

3> else:
4> select the set of Random Access resources that is only configured with Msgl repetition indication and associated with the indicated Msgl repetition number for this Random Access procedure.
\( 2> \) else:
3> select the set of Random Access resources that are not associated with any feature indication (as specified in clause 5.1.1c) for the current Random Access procedure.
5.1.1c Availability of the set of Random Access resources

The MAC entity shall for each set of configured Random Access resources:
1> if eRedCap is set to true for a set of Random Access resources:
\( 2> \) consider the set of Random Access resources as not available for a Random Access procedure for which eRedCap is not applicable.

1> if redCap is set to true for a set of Random Access resources:
\( 2> \) consider the set of Random Access resources as not available for a Random Access procedure for which RedCap is not applicable.
\( 1> \) if smallData is set to true for a set of Random Access resources:
\( 2> \) consider the set of Random Access resources as not available for the Random Access procedure which is not triggered for RA-SDT by MO-SDT as specified in TS 38.331 [5].

1> if NSAG-List is configured for a set of Random Access resources:
\( 2> \) consider the set of Random Access resources as not available for the Random Access procedure unless it is triggered for any one of the NSAG-ID(s) in the NSAG-List.
\( 1> \) if msg3-Repetitions is set to true for a set of Random Access resources:
\( 2> \) consider the set of Random Access resources as not available for the Random Access procedure if Msg3 repetition is not applicable.

1> if msgl-Repetitions is set to true for a set of Random Access resources:
\( 2> \) if Msg1 repetition is not applicable to the current Random Access procedure; or
\( 2> \) if the set of Random Access resources is not associated with any of the Msgl repetition number that is applicable to the current Random Access procedure:
\( 3> \) consider the set of Random Access resources as not available for the Random Access procedure.
\( 1> \) if a set of Random Access resources is not configured with FeatureCombination:
\( 2> \) consider the set of Random Access resources to not associated with any feature.
5.1.1d Selection of the set of Random Access resources based on feature prioritization

The MAC entity shall:

ETSI