<!-- Page 293 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
292
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- Timing Advance Command: This field indicates whether the TA is valid for the LTM target cell (i.e. the SpCell corresponding to the target configuration indicated by Target Configuration ID field). If the value of this field is set to FFF, this field indicates that no valid timing adjustment is available for the PTAG of the LTM target cell; otherwise, this field indicates the index value \( T_{A} \) used to control the amount of timing adjustment that the MAC entity has to apply in TS 38.213 [6], and that the UE can skip the Random Access procedure for this LTM cell switch. If tag-Id-ptr is configured for the TCI state indicated by the TCI state ID field in the LTM target cell and tag-Id-ptr is set to value \( n l \), this field indicates the TA for the TAG indicated by the tag2-Id of the LTM target cell; otherwise, this field indicates the TA for the TAG indicated by the tag-id of the LTM target cell. The length of the field is 12 bits;
- TCI state ID: This field indicates and activates the TCI state for the LTM target cell (i.e. the SpCell of the target configuration indicated by the Target Configuration ID field). The TCI state is identified by TCI-Stateld in Itm-DL-OrJointTCI-StateToAddModList as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. If the value of unifiedTCI-StateType in the Itm-TCI-Info of the configuration indicated by Target Configuration ID field is joint, this field is for joint TCI state, otherwise, this field is for downlink TCI state. The length of the field is 7 bits;
- UL TCI state ID: This field indicates and activates the uplink TCI state for the LTM target cell (i.e. the SpCell of the target configuration indicated by the Target Configuration ID field). The UL TCI state is identified by TCI-UL-Stateld in Itm-UL-TCI-StatesToAddModList as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The octet containing this field (i.e. this field and the two reserved bits in the same octet) is included if the value of unifiedTCI-StateType in the Itm-TCI-Info of the configuration indicated by Target Configuration ID field is separate. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- C: This field indicates the presence of the contention-free Random Access Resources fields. If the value of this field is set to 1, the following fields are present: Random Access Preamble index field, S/U field, SS/PBCH index field, PRACH Mask index field, Repetition number field and the reserved bits in the same octet. If the value of this field is set to 0 , these fields are absent.
- S/U: This field indicates which UL carrier to transmit the PRACH of the contention-free Random Access Resources. If the value of this field is set to 1 , SUL is used; otherwise, NUL is used. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- Random Access Preamble index: This field indicates the Random Access Preamble index of the contention-free Random Access Resources. This field should not be set to 0 b 000000 . The length of the field is 6 bits;
- SS/PBCH index: This field indicates the SS/PBCH that shall be used to determine the RACH occasion for the PRACH transmission of the contention-free Random Access Resources. The length of the field is 6 bits;
- PRACH Mask index: This field indicates the RACH occasion(s) associated with the SS/PBCH indicated by 'SS/PBCH index' for the PRACH transmission of the contention-free Random Access Resources. It indicates a subset of RACH occasion(s) from the rach-ConfigDedicated for the UL carrier (indicated by S/U field), (if provided, otherwise it indicates a subset of RACH occasion(s) from the rach-ConfigCommon for the UL carrier (indicated by S/U field) in the UL BWP configuration of firstActiveUplinkBWP-Id as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. When the repetition number field is not set to 0 , the UE ignores this field. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- Repetition number: This field indicates the Msgl repetition number to be applied to the contention-free Random Access. If this field is set to 0 , Msgl repetition number does not apply. If this field is set to 1 , the Msg1 repetition number is 2 . If this field is set to 2 , the Msgl repetition number is 4 . If this field is set to 3 , the Msgl repetition number is 8 . The length of the field is 2 bits.

NOTE 1: A non-zero Msgl repetition number value may only be included in the LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE when the LTM target cell configuration has contention-based Random Access Resources with a FeatureCombinationPreambles with the same Msg1 repetition number value and featureCombination indicating only msg 1 -Repetitions.

ETSI