<!-- Page 292 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
291
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.73-1: PSI-Based SDU Discard Activation/Deactivation MAC CE
6.1.3.74 SL-PRS Resource Request MAC CE

The SL-PRS Resource Request MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has the following fields:
- Destination index: The Destination Index field identifies the destination. The length of this field is 5 bits. The value is set to one index corresponding to SL destination identity associated to same destination reported in slPosTxResourceReqList if present. The value is indexed sequentially from 0 in the same ascending order of SL destination identity in sl-PosTxResourceReqList as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. When multiple lists are reported, the value is indexed sequentially across all the lists in the same order as presented in SidelinkUEInformaitonNR message;
- SL-PRS priority: Priority of pending SL-PRS transmission. The length of this field is 3 bits;
- SL-PRS Bandwidth: Requested minimum bandwidth of pending SL-PRS transmission. The length of this field is 5 bits. Encoding of this field is the same as sl-PRS-Bandwidth in IE SL-PRS-QoS-Info as specified in TS 38.331 [5] that codepoint value 0 corresponds to the value "mhz5" of the field \( s l \)-PRS-Bandwidth, codepoint value 1 corresponds to the value "mhz10" of the field sl-PRS-Bandwidth, and so on;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.74-1: SL-PRS Resource Request MAC control element
6.1.3.75 LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE

The LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size with following fields (Figure 6.1.3.75-1):
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- Target Configuration ID: This field indicates the index of candidate target configuration to apply for LTM cell switch, corresponding to \( l t m \)-Candidateld minus 1 as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 3 bits;

ETSI