<!-- Page 250 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
249
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Oct 1

Figure 6.1.3.40-1: Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Request MAC CE
6.1.3.41 Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command MAC CE

The Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b.

It has a fixed 8-bit size defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.41-1):
- Positioning MG ID: This field indicates the identifier for the preconfigured positioning measurement gap. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- A/D: This field indicates the activation or deactivation of the Positioning Measurement Gap. The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.41-1: Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command MAC CE
6.1.3.42 PPW Activation/Deactivation Command MAC CE

The PPW Activation/Deactivation Command MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b.

It has variable size defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.42-1):
- numEntry: This field indicates the number of entries \( \mathrm{N}-1 \) in the MAC CE. 00 indicates that N equals to \( 2 ; 01 \) indicates that N equals to 3 and so on. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- PPW ID: This field indicates the index of the PPW configured on active DL BWP of the Serving Cell identified by the above Serving Cell ID. Index 0 corresponds to the first entry within the list of the PPW configuration by the increasing order of dl-PPW-ID in TS 38.331 [5] in this BWP, index 1 corresponds to the second entry in the list and so on. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- A/D: This field indicates the activation or deactivation of the PPW. The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI