<!-- Page 229 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
228
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.14-1: TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific PDSCH MAC CE
6.1.3.15 TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE

The TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1. It has a fixed size of 16 bits with following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits. If the indicated Serving Cell is configured as part of a simultaneousTCI-UpdateListl or simultaneousTCI-UpdateList2 as specified in TS 38.331 [5], this MAC CE applies to all theServing Cells in the set simultaneousTCI-UpdateListl or simultaneousTCI-UpdateList2, respectively;
- CORESET ID: This field indicates a Control Resource Set identified with ControlResourceSetld as specified in TS 38.331 [5], for which the TCI State is being indicated. In case the value of the field is 0 , the field refers to the Control Resource Set configured by controlResourceSetZero as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- TCI State ID: This field indicates the TCI state identified by TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5] applicable to the Control Resource Set identified by CORESET ID field. If the field of CORESET ID is set to 0 , this field indicates a TCI-Stateld for a TCI state of the first 64 TCI-states configured by tci-StatesToAddModList and tciStatesToReleaseList in the PDSCH-Config in the active BWP or by dl-OrJoint-TCI-State-ToAddModList and dl-OrJoint-TCI-State-ToReleaseList in the PDSCH-Config in the active BWP or the reference BWP. If the field of CORESET ID is set to the other value than 0 , this field indicates a TCI-Stateld configured by tci-StatesPDCCHToAddList and tci-StatesPDCCH-ToReleaseList in the controlResourceSet identified by the indicated CORESET ID. The length of the field is 7 bits.

Figure 6.1.3.15-1: TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE
6.1.3.16 SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The SP CSI reporting on PUCCH Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with LCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1. It has a fixed size of 16 bits with following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP for which the MAC CE applies as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9]. The length of the BWP ID field is 2 bits;

ETSI