<!-- Page 146 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
145
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 5> \) else:
6> select any pool of resources among the configured pools of resources except for Dedicated SLPRS resource pool, if configured.
\( 4> \) else if SL data is available in the logical channel for BRID for A2X communication:
\( 5> \) if \( s l \)-BWP-PoolConfigA2X or sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X is configured according to TS 38.331 [5]:

6> if resource pool(s) is configured with sl-A2X-Service indicating brid or bridAndDAA:
\( 7> \) select any pool of resources among the resource pool(s) configured with \( s l-A 2 X \)-Service indicating brid or bridAndDAA in sl-TxPoolSelectedNormal configured in sl-BWPPoolConfigA2X or sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X for the transmission of SL data for A2X communication.

6> else:
\( 7> \) select any pool of resources among the configured pools of resources except the pool(s) in sl-BWP-PoolConfigA2X, sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X, sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfig or sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.

5> else:
6> select any pool of resources among the configured pools of resources except the pool(s) in \( s l \) -BWP-DiscPoolConfig or sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.
\( 4> \) else if SL data is available in the logical channel for DAA for A2X communication:
\( 5> \) if \( s l \)-BWP-PoolConfigA2X or sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X is configured according to TS 38.331 [5]:
\( 6> \) if resource pool(s) is configured with sl-A2X-Service indicating daa or bridAndDAA:
\( 7> \) select any pool of resources among the resource pool(s) configured with \( s l-A 2 X \)-Service indicating daa or bridAndDAA in sl-TxPoolSelectedNormal configured in sl-BWPPoolConfigA2X or sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X for the transmission of SL data for A2X communication.

6> else:
\( 7> \) select any pool of resources among the configured pools of resources except the pool(s) in sl-BWP-PoolConfigA2X, sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X, sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfig or sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.

5> else:
6> select any pool of resources among the configured pools of resources except the pool(s) in \( s l \) -BWP-DiscPoolConfig or sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.

NOTE 2C: The MAC entity identifies the logical channel(s) for BRID or DAA based on the QoS information associated to BRID or DAA, i.e. PQI(s), from upper layers.

4> else if sl-HARQ-FeedbackEnabled is set to enabled for the logical channel:
5> select any pool of resources configured with PSFCH resources among the pools of resources except the pool(s) in sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfig, sl-BWP-DiscPoolConfigCommon, sl-BWPPoolConfigA2X or sl-BWP-PoolConfigCommonA2X, if configured or Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, if configured.

4> else if SL-PRS is pending for transmission:

ETSI