<!-- Page 295 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
294
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.76-1: Candidate Cell TCI state activation/deactivation MAC CE
6.1.3.77 Cross-RRH TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE

The Cross-RRH TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2-1-1b. It has a fixed size of 24 bits with following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits. If the indicated Serving Cell is configured as part of a simultaneousTCI-UpdateListl or simultaneousTCI-UpdateList2 as specified in TS 38.331 [5], this MAC CE applies to all the Serving Cells in the set simultaneous TCI-UpdateList I or simultaneous TCI-UpdateList2, respectively;
- CORESET ID: This field indicates a Control Resource Set identified with ControlResourceSetld as specified in TS 38.331 [5], for which the TCI State is being indicated. In case the value of the field is 0 , the field refers to the Control Resource Set configured by controlResourceSetZero as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- TCI State ID: This field indicates the TCI state identified by TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5] applicable to the Control Resource Set identified by CORESET ID field. If the field of CORESET ID is set to 0 , this field indicates a TCI-Stateld for a TCI state of the first 64 TCI-states configured by tci-StatesToAddModList and tciStatesToReleaseList in the PDSCH-Config in the active BWP. If the field of CORESET ID is set to the other value than 0 , this field indicates a TCI-Stateld configured by tci-StatesPDCCH-ToAddList and tci-StatesPDCCH-ToReleaseList in the controlResourceSet identified by the indicated CORESET ID. The length of the field is 7 bits;
- Cross RRH Indicator: This field indicates whether the lower layers follow TCI state switching delay requirements in high speed train FR2 scenarios and apply the one shot large UL timing adjustment after switching to a TCI state identified by TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The field is set to 1 to indicate that the lower layers apply the TCI state switching delay requirements specified in Clause 8.10.3A of TS 38.133 [11] and apply the one shot large timing adjustment requirements specified in Clause 7.1.2.3 of TS 38.133 [11] immediately to the first UL transmission after TCI state switch without checking the DL timing difference threshold. The field is set to 0 to indicate that the lower layers apply the TCI state switching delay requirements specified in clause 8.10.3 of TS 38.133 [11] and apply the gradual timing adjustment requirements specified in Clause 7.1.2.1 of TS 38.133 [11] to the first UL transmission after TCI state switch without checking the DL timing difference threshold. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI