<!-- Page 191 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
190
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 5> \) deliver the decoded MAC PDU to the disassembly and demultiplexing entity.
NOTE: Whether the TB is the first TB can be determined based on the Source Layer-2 ID and Destination Layer2 ID pair.
\( 2> \) consider the Sidelink process as unoccupied.
\( 1> \) else:
\( 2> \) instruct the physical layer to replace the data in the soft buffer for this TB with the data which the MAC entity attempted to decode.
\( 1> \) if HARQ feedback is enabled by the SCI:
\( 2> \) if negative-only acknowledgement is indicated by the SCI according to clause 8.4.1 of TS 38.212 [9]:
\( 3> \) if UE's location information is available and distance beteween UE's location and the central location of the nearest zone that is calculated based on the Zone_id in the SCI and the value of sl-ZoneLength corresponding to the communication range requirement in the SCI as specified in TS 38.331 [5] is smaller or equal to the communication range requirement in the SCl; or
\( 3> \) if none of Zone_id and communication range requirement is indicated by the SCl; or
3> if UE's location information is not available:
\( 4> \) if the data which the MAC entity attempted to decode was not successfully decoded for this TB and the data for this TB was not successfully decoded before:
\( 5> \) instruct the physical layer to generate a negative acknowledgement of the data in this TB.
\( 2> \) if negative-positive acknowledgement or unicast is indicated by the SCI according to clause 8.4.1 of TS 38.212 [9]:

3> if the data which the MAC entity attempted to decode was successfully decoded for this TB or the data for this TB was successfully decoded before:
\( 4> \) instruct the physical layer to generate a positive acknowledgement of the data in this TB.
3> else:
4> instruct the physical layer to generate a negative acknowledgement of the data in this TB.
5.22.2.3 Disassembly and demultiplexing

The MAC entity shall disassemble and demultiplex a MAC PDU as defined in clause 6.1.6.
5.22.2.4 SL-PRS reception on Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool

For each SL-PRS transmission occasion on Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, the MAC entity shall:
1> if this SL-PRS transmission is associated to unicast:
\( 2> \) if the destination ID in the corresponding SCI is equal to the UE's source ID; and if the field \( s / \)-SRC-ID-LenDedicatedSL-PRS-RP is configured with the value of 12bit:
\( 3> \) if source ID in the corresponding SCI is equal to the 12 LSB of the UE's destination layer-2 ID:
\( 4> \) instruct the physical layer to perform SL-PRS reception on the SL-PRS transmission occasion.
\( 2> \) else if the destination ID in the corresponding SCI is equal to the UE's source ID, and if the field \( s l-S R C-I D- \) LenDedicatedSL-PRS-RP is configured with the value of 24 bit:

3> if source ID in the corresponding SCI is equal to the UE's destination layer-2 ID:
\( 4> \) instruct the physical layer to perform SL-PRS reception on the SL-PRS transmission occasion.

ETSI