<!-- Page 223 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
222
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) : This field indicates the presence of a PH field for the Serving Cell with ServCellIndex i as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field set to 1 indicates that a PH field for the Serving Cell with ServCellIndex i is reported. The \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) field set to 0 indicates that a PH field for the Serving Cell with ServCellIndex \( i \) is not reported;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- \( \mathrm{DPC}_{\mathrm{BC}} \) : If dpc-Reporting-FRI is configured and at least one DPC field is not set to 0 , this field indicates the \( \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass, } \mathrm{CA}} / \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass, } \mathrm{EN}-\mathrm{DC}} / \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass, } \mathrm{NR} \text {-dC }} \), as specified in TS 38.101-1[14] and TS 38.101-3 [16], this field set to 0 indicates the delta power class for band combination is 0 dB , this field set to 1 indicates the delta power class for band combination is same or larger than 3 dB . Otherwise, R bit is present, set to 0 ;
- V: This field indicates if the PH value is based on a real transmission or a reference format. For Type 1 PH, the V field set to 0 indicates real transmission on PUSCH and the V field set to 1 indicates that a PUSCH reference format is used. For Type 2 PH, the V field set to 0 indicates real transmission on PUCCH and the V field set to 1 indicates that a PUCCH reference format is used. For Type 3 PH , the V field set to 0 indicates real transmission on SRS and the V field set to 1 indicates that an SRS reference format is used. Furthermore, for Type 1, Type 2, and Type 3 PH , the V field set to 0 indicates the presence of the octet containing the associated \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{C}} \) field and the MPE or DPC field, and the V field set to 1 indicates that the octet containing the associated \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, 5, \mathrm{C}} \) field and the MPE or DPC field is omitted;
- Power Headroom (PH): This field indicates the power headroom level. The length of the field is 6 bits. The reported PH and the corresponding power headroom levels are shown in Table 6.1.3.8-1 (the corresponding measured values in dB for the NR Serving Cell are specified in TS 38.133 [11] while the corresponding measured values in dB for the E-UTRA Serving Cell are specified in TS 36.133 [12]);
- P: If mpe-Reporting-FR2 is configured and the Serving Cell operates on FR2, the MAC entity shall set this field to 0 if the applied P-MPR value, to meet MPE requirements, as specified in TS 38.101-2 [15], is less than PMPR_00 as specified in TS 38.133 [11] and to 1 otherwise. [f mpe-Reporting-FR2 is not configured or the Serving Cell operates on FR1, this field indicates whether power backoff is applied due to power management (as allowed by \( \mathrm{P}_{-} \mathrm{MPR}_{\mathrm{c}} \) as specified in TS 38.101-1 [14], TS 38.101-2 [15], and TS 38.101-3 [16]). The MAC entity shall set the P field to 1 if the corresponding \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{Fe}} \) field would have had a different value if no power backoff due to power management had been applied;
- \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{JC}} \) : If present, this field indicates the \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{JC}} \) (as specified in TS 38.213 [6]) for the NR Serving Cell and the \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{C}} \) or \( \tilde{\mathrm{P}}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{C}} \) (as specified in TS 36.213 [17]) for the E-UTRA Serving Cell used for calculation of the preceding PH field. The reported \( \mathrm{P}_{\mathrm{CMAX}, \mathrm{J}, \mathrm{c}} \) and the corresponding nominal UE transmit power levels are shown in Table 6.1.3.8-2 (the corresponding measured values in dBm for the NR Serving Cell are specified in TS 38.133 [11] while the corresponding measured values in dBm for the E-UTRA Serving Cell are specified in TS 36.133 [12]);
- MPE: If mpe-Reporting-FR2 is configured, and the Serving Cell operates on FR2, and if the P field is set to 1, this field indicates the applied power backoff to meet MPE requirements, as specified in TS 38.101-2 [15]. This field indicates an index to Table 6.1.3.8-3 and the corresponding measured values of P-MPR levels in dB are specified in TS 38.133 [11]. The length of the field is 2 bits. [f mpe-Reporting-FR2 is not configured, or if the Serving Cell operates on FR1, or if the P field is set to 0, R bits or DPC is present instead.
- DPC: If dpc-Reporting-FRI is configured, and the Serving Cell operates on FR1, this field indicates the \( \Delta \mathrm{P}_{\text {PowerClass, }} \) as specified in TS 38.101-1[14] and TS 38.101-3 [16]. This field indicates an index to Table 6.1.3.84 and the corresponding measured values of DPC levels in dB are specified in TS 38.133 [11], the DPC field is set to 0 if the criteria to report DPC is not met. The length of the field is 2 bits. If the Serving Cell operates on FR2, R bits or MPE is present instead.

ETSI