<!-- Page 110 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
109
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 3> \) if SSB is selected above:
\( 4> \) indicate the SSB index to the lower layer;
\( 4> \) consider this configured uplink grant as valid.
1> else:
\( 2> \) consider this configured uplink grant as not valid.
\( 2> \) if PDCCH addressed to C-RNTI after the initial transmission of the CG-SDT with CCCH message has been received:
\( 3> \) if there is data available for transmission for at least one RB configured for SDT:
\( 4> \) initiate Random Access procedure in clause 5.1
NOTE 1: Void.
For an uplink grant configured for configured grant Type 1 for RACH-less LTM cell switch, when there is an ongoing RACH-less LTM cell switch procedure, for each configured uplink grant valid according to TS 38.214 [7] for which the above formula is satisfied, the MAC entity shall:

1> if an SSB corresponding to the configured UL grant has the same SSB index as the SSB associated with the TCI state indicated by the TCI state ID field in LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE, as specified in clause 5.18.35:
\( 2> \) select the SSB associated with the TCI state indicated by LTM Cell Switch Command MAC CE.
\( 2> \) indicate the SSB index to the lower layer;
\( 2> \) consider this configured uplink grant as valid.
1> else:
\( 2> \) consider this configured uplink grant as not valid.
NOTE 1a: When there is an ongoing RACH-less LTM cell switch, the configured grant Type 1 which is not specifically configured for LTM (see cg-LTM-Configuration in TS 38.331 [5]) is not used.

NOTE 1b:After completion of LTM cell switch, the UE stops using the grant configured for RACH-less LTM cell switch (see cg-LTM-Configuration in TS 38.331 [5]).

For the uplink grant configured for configured grant Type 1 for RACH-less handover, if the configured uplink grant is valid according to TS 38.214 [7] for which the above formula is satisfied, the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if, after the initial transmission of RACH-less handover has been performed according to clause 5.4 .1 and 5.33 , PDCCH addressed to the MAC entity's C-RNTI has not been received:
\( 2> \) if the SSB corresponding to the configured UL grant has the same SSB index as the SSB selected for the initial transmission of RACH-less handover (ie-, retransmission of initial transmission of RACH-less handover):
\( 3> \) select this SSB;
\( 3> \) indicate the SSB index corresponding to the configured uplink grant to the lower layer;
\( 3> \) consider this configured uplink grant as valid.
\( 1> \) else if at least one SSB corresponding to the configured uplink grant with SS-RSRP above cg-RRC-RSRP-
ThresholdSSB is available:
\( 2> \) select an SSB with SS-RSRP above cg-RRC-RSRP-ThresholdSSB amongst the SSB(s) associated with the configured uplink grant;
\( 2> \) indicate the selected SSB index to the lower layer;
\( 2> \) consider this configured uplink grant as valid.

ETSI