<!-- Page 139 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
138
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 1> \) if a Desired [AB-MT PSD range query has not been triggered:
\( 2> \) trigger a Desired IAB-MT PSD range query for this Serving Cell.
If the MAC entity has UL resources allocated for new transmission the MAC entity shall:
1> for each Desired [AB-MT PSD range query that has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if the allocated UL resources can accommodate a Desired IAB-MT PSD range MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of LCP as defined in clause 5.4.3.1:

3> instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the Desired IAB-MT PSD range MAC CE;
\( 3> \) cancel this Desired [AB-MT PSD range query.
5.18.29 Timing case indication for IAB

Timing Case Indication MAC CE is used by an lAB-node to indicate to its child node timing modes which should apply to time resources indicated via RRC.

Upon reception of a Timing Case Indication MAC CE the IAB-node shall:
- apply the configuration signalled in the MAC CE to the time slots indicated in IAB-ResourceConfig which contains iab-ResourceConfigID parameter (as specified in TS 38.331 [5]) which matches the Resource Configuration ID field of the MAC CE.
5.18.30 Case-6 Timing Request

The Case-6 Timing Request MAC CE is used by the IAB-MT to inform its parent node whether Case-6 timing is required for simultaneous operation.

The MAC entity may:
\( 1> \) if a Case-6 Timing Request query has not been triggered:
\( 2> \) trigger a Case-6 Timing Request query for this Serving Cell.
If the MAC entity has UL resources allocated for new transmission the MAC entity shall:
1> for each Case-6 Timing Request query that has been triggered and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if the allocated UL resources can accommodate a Case-6 Timing Request MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of LCP as defined in clause 5.4.3.1:

3> instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate the Case-6 Timing Request MAC CE;
3> cancel this Case-6 Timing Request range query.
5.18.31 Backhaul Link Beam Indication for NCR

NCR Downlink Backhaul Link Beam Indication MAC CE and NCR Uplink Backhaul Link Beam Indication MAC CE are used by a gNB to indicate to an NCR-node the beam to be used for the downlink and uplink backhaul transmission respectively between the gNB and the NCR-node.

Upon reception of an NCR Downlink Backhaul Link Beam Indication MAC CE, the NCR-node shall:
- indicate to NCR-Fwd to apply the configuration contained in NCR Downlink Backhaul Link Beam Indication MAC CE as received by the NCR-MT.

Upon reception of an NCR Uplink Backhaul Link Beam Indication MAC CE, the NCR-node shall:
- indicate to NCR-Fwd to apply the configuration contained in the NCR Uplink Backhaul Link Beam Indication MAC CE as received by the NCR-MT.

ETSI