<!-- Page 184 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
183
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 3> \) if UL-SCH resources are available for a new transmission and the UL-SCH resources cannot accommodate the SL-BSR MAC CE plus its subheader as a result of logical channel prioritization according to clause 5.4.3.1; or

3> if the set of Subcarrier Spacing index values in sl-AllowedSCS-List, if configured for the logical channel that triggered the SL-BSR, does not include the Subcarrier Spacing index associated to the UL-SCH resources available for a new transmission; or

3> if sl-MaxPUSCH-Duration, if configured for the logical channel that triggered the SL-BSR, is smaller than the PUSCH transmission duration associated to the UL-SCH resources available for a new transmission:

4> trigger a Scheduling Request.
NOTE 1: UL-SCH resources are considered available if the MAC entity has been configured with, receives, or determines an uplink grant. If the MAC entity has determined at a given point in time that UL-SCH resources are available, this need not imply that UL-SCH resources are available for use at that point in time.

A MAC PDU shall contain at most one SL-BSR MAC CE, even when multiple events have triggered an SL-BSR. The Regular SL-BSR and the Periodic SL-BSR shall have precedence over the padding SL-BSR.

The MAC entity shall restart sl-retxBSR-Timer upon reception of an SL grant for transmission of new data on any SLSCH.

All triggered SL-BSRs may be cancelled when the SL grant(s) can accommodate all pending data available for transmission. All BSRs triggered prior to MAC PDU assembly shall be cancelled when a MAC PDU is transmitted and this PDU includes an SL-BSR MAC CE which contains buffer status up to (and including) the last event that triggered an SL-BSR prior to the MAC PDU assembly. All triggered SL-BSRs shall be cancelled, and \( s l \)-retx-BSR-Timer and \( s l \) -periodic-BSR-Timer shall be stopped, when RRC configures Sidelink resource allocation mode 2.

NOTE 2: MAC PDU assembly can happen at any point in time between uplink grant reception and actual transmission of the corresponding MAC PDU. SL-BSR and SR can be triggered after the assembly of a MAC PDU which contains an SL-BSR MAC CE, but before the transmission of this MAC PDU. In addition, SL-BSR and SR can be triggered during MAC PDU assembly.
5.22.1.7 CSI Reporting

The Sidelink Channel State Information (SL-CSI) reporting procedure is used to provide a peer UE with sidelink channel state information per carrier as specified in clause 8.5 of TS 38.214 [7].

RRC configures the following parameters to control the SL-CSI reporting procedure:
- sl-LatencyBoundCSI-Report, which is maintained for each PC5-RRC connection.

The MAC entity maintains an sl-CSI-ReportTimer for each carrier of a pair of the Source Layer-2 ID and the Destination Layer-2 ID corresponding to a PC5-RRC connection. sl-CSI-ReportTimer is used for an SL-CSI reporting UE to follow the latency requirement signalled from a CSI triggering UE. The value of sl-CSI-ReportTimer is the same as the latency requirement of the SL-CSI reporting in sl-LatencyBoundCSI-Report configured by RRC.

The Sidelink CSI Reporting MAC CE can only be transmitted on the carrier where the SL-CSI request is received.
The MAC entity shall for each carrier of a pair of the Source Layer-2 ID and the Destination Layer-2 ID corresponding to a PC5-RRC connection which has been established by upper layers:

1> if the SL-CSI reporting has been triggered for a carrier by an SCI and not cancelled:
\( 2> \) if the \( s \) /-CSI-ReportTimer for the triggered SL-CSI reporting is not running:
\( 3> \) start the \( s \) l-CSI-ReportTimer for the carrier.
\( 2> \) if the \( s l \)-CSI-ReportTimer for the triggered SL-CSI reporting expires:
\( 3> \) cancel the triggered SL-CSI reporting for the carrier.

ETSI