<!-- Page 274 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
273
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- BFD-RS ID: This field indicates the BFD-RS resource from failureDetectionSet I or failureDetectionSet 2 as specified in TS 38.331 [5];
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

Figure 6.1.3.58-1: BFD-RS Indication MAC CE
6.1.3.59 SP/AP SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE

The SP/AP SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size with following fields:
- A/D: This field indicates whether to activate or deactivate indicated SP SRS resource set. The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation. If the indicated SRS resource set ID is for the AP SRS resource set, MAC entity shall ignore this field;
- SRS Resource Set's Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell, which contains the indicated SP/AP SRS Resource Set. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the Serving Cell associated with all TCI states indicated by the TCI State ID, fields. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- SRS Resource Set's BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], which contains the indicated SP/AP SRS Resource Set. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the BWP associated with all TCI states indicated by the TCI State [D, fields. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- C: This field indicates whether the octets containing TCI State Serving Cell ID field(s) and TCI State BWP ID field(s) are present. If this field is set to 1, TCI State Serving Cell ID field(s) and TCI State BWP ID field(s) are present, otherwise they are not present so MAC entity shall ignore TCI State Serving Cell ID field(s) and TCI State BWP ID field(s);
- SUL: This field indicates whether the MAC CE applies to the NUL carrier or SUL carrier configuration. This field is set to 1 to indicate that it applies to the SUL carrier configuration, and it is set to 0 to indicate that it applies to the NUL carrier configuration;
- SRS Resource Set ID: This field indicates the SP/AP SRS Resource Set ID identified by SRS-ResourceSetld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- TCI State Serving Cell [D: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell on which the TCI State used for SRS resource \( i \) is located. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- TCI State BWP ID: This field indicates a BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], on which the TCI State used for SRS resource \( i \) is located. If value of unifiedTCIStateType in the Serving Cell indicated by TCI State Serving Cell ID, is joint, this field indicates a DL BWP. If value of unified TCI-StateType in the Serving Cell indicated by TCI State Serving Cell ID, is separate, this field indicates a UL BWP. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- TCI State ID1: This field contains an identifier of the TCI state used for SRS resource i. TCI State ID0 refers to the first SRS resource within the resource set, TCI State [D1 refers to the second one and so on. If joint/downlink

ETSI