<!-- Page 283 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
282
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.62-1: IAB-MT Recommended Beam Indication MAC CE
6.1.3.63 DL TX Power Adjustment and Desired DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CEs

The DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE and Desired DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CEs are identified by MAC subheaders with eLCIDs as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b and Table 6.2.1-1b, respectively. Otherwise the format of the two MAC CEs is identical. Each has a variable size with following fields (Figure 6.1.3.63-1):
- Resource Configuration ID: This field indicates the RRC configuration which applies to this MAC CE and corresponds to iab-ResourceConfigID parameter in IAB-ResourceConfig as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 16 bits;
- DL Tx Power adjustment: For the case of the Desired DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE, this field contains desired DL TX power adjustment sent by an IAB-MT to assist with the parent node's DL TX power allocation. For the case of the DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CE, this fields contains adjustment to a node's DL TX power sent by its parent node. The value of the power adjustment is in both cases contained in the 5 right-most bits of the field with codepoints \( (00000,00001, \ldots, 11101,11110) \) indicating the corresponding value \( (-15 \mathrm{~dB},- 14 \mathrm{~dB}, \ldots, 14 \mathrm{~dB}, 15 \mathrm{~dB} \) ) and the codepoint 11111 not being used, while the remaining 3 bits are set to zero. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- Reference CSI-RS ID: This field indicates the CSI-RS used as reference for power adjustment, which is identified by NZP-CSI-RS-Resourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The indicated DL TX power adjustment is in terms of a relative offset to the CSI-RS TX power of the indicated CSI-RS. The length of this field is 8bits;
- \( \mathrm{C}_{0} \) : This field indicates whether the octet containing multiplexing mode info (containing the Multiplexing mode info field) is included or not. The field is set to 1 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is included, and it is set to 0 to indicate that multiplexing mode info is not present. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- \( \quad \mathrm{C}_{1} \) : This field indicates whether the two octets containing the Cell info are included or not. The field is set to 0 to indicate the two octets are not included (and subsequently, that no cell information is included). The field is set to 1 to indicate that the two octets are included. The length of the field is 1 bits;
- \( \quad \mathrm{C}_{2} \) : This field indicates whether any information on IAB-MT DL beams is included or not. The field is set to 1 to indicate that at least one IAB-MT Resource set ID, field is included, and it is set to 0 to indicate that no IAB-MT Resource set \( I D_{1} \) field is present. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .
- Multiplexing mode info: The two rightmost bits indicate which of the four multiplexing modes defined in TS 38.473 [27] is applicable. The third rightmost bit of this field indicates whether multiplexing restrictions mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the field are applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. This bit is set to 1 when multiplexing mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the Multiplexing mode info field is applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. This field is set to 0 when multiplexing mode information contained in the two rightmost bits of the Multiplexing mode info field is not applicable to non-overlapping frequency resources. The remaining 5 bits of this field are set to zero. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- Number of IAB-MT DL beams: This field indicates the number of IAB-MT beams included in the MAC CE The length of the field is 8 bits;
- [AB-MT beam type ID: This field determines the type of information used as an indication of a downlink [ABMT beam, indicated with the IAB-MT Resource set [ \( \mathrm{D}_{1} \). If the value of the field is 00 , the information included in the IAB-MT Resource set ID, field is the TCI state ID (contained in the 7 rightmost bits of the field). If the value of the field is 01 , the information included in the IAB-MT Resource set ID, field is the SSB ID (contained in the 6 rightmost bits of the field). If the value of the field is 10 , the information included in the [AB-MT Resource set [D, field is the CSI-RS index (comprising all 8 bits), which is the NZP-CSI-RS-Resourceld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- [AB-MT Resource set [D: an indication of the [AB-MTs downlink beams. [AB-MT Resource set [D0 field refers to the first IAB-MT downlink beam, IAB-MT Resource set [D1 field refers to the second IAB-MT downlink beam, and so on. The length of the field is 8 bits;
- DU resource configuration: when this field is set to 00 , the provided power adjustment is applied on FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals are non-overlapping in the frequency-domain; when this

ETSI