<!-- Page 185 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
184
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) else if the MAC entity has SL resources allocated for new transmission on the carrier where the corresponding SL-CSI request is received and the SL-SCH resources can accommodate the SL-CSI reporting MAC CE and its subheader as a result of logical channel prioritization:

3> instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate a Sidelink CSI Reporting MAC CE as defined in clause 6.1_3.35;
\( 3> \) stop the sl-CSI-ReportTimer for the triggered SL-CSI reporting of the carrier;
3> cancel the triggered SL-CSI reporting of the carrier.
\( 2> \) else if the MAC entity has been configured with Sidelink resource allocation mode 1:
3> trigger a Scheduling Request.
NOTE 1: The MAC entity configured with Sidelink resource allocation mode 1 may trigger a Scheduling Request if transmission of a pending SL-CSI reporting with the sidelink grant(s) cannot fulfil the latency requirement associated to the SL-CSI reporting.

NOTE 2: Void.
5.22.1.8 Void
5.22.1.9 IUC-Request transmission

The Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Request transmission procedure is used to trigger a peer UE to transmit Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Information.

RRC configures sl-TransmissionStructureForPSCCHandPSSCH parameter to control the inter-UE coordination request procedure. For a resource pool in a SL BWP where \( s l \)-TransmissionStructureForPSCCHandPSSCH is configured as interlaceRB, the Enhanced Inter-UE coordination Request MAC CE is used. Otherwise, the Inter-UE coordination Request MAC CE is used.
5.22.1.10 IUC-Information Reporting
5.22.1.10.1 General

The Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Information reporting procedure is used to provide a peer UE with inter-UE coordination information as specified in clause 8.1 .4 of TS 38.214 [7]. The Sidelink [nter-UE Coordination Information reporting procedure can be triggered by Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Request MAC CE or condition (See TS 38.331 [5] and TS 38.214 [7]). Unicast for preferred resource set and non-preferred resource set and Groupcast/Broadcast for non-preferred resource set are supported for inter-UE coordination information transmission triggered by a condition other than explicit request reception. Unicast for preferred resource set and non-preferred resource set is supported for inter-UE coordination information transmission triggered by an explicit request.

RRC also configures sl-TransmissionStructureForPSCCHandPSSCH parameter to control the inter-UE coordination Information reporting procedure. For a resource pool in a SL BWP where \( s \) -
TransmissionStructureForPSCCHandPSSCH is configured as interlaceRB, the Enhanced Inter-UE coordination Information MAC CE is used. Otherwise, the Inter-UE coordination Information MAC CE is used.

RRC configures the following parameter to control the SL-IUC Information reporting procedure:
- si-LatencyBoundIUC-Report, which is maintained for each PC5-RRC connection.

The MAC entity maintains an sl-IUC-ReportTimer for each pair of the Source Layer-2 ID and the Destination Layer-2 ID corresponding to a PC5-RRC connection. s/-IUC-ReportTimer is used for an SL-IUC Information reporting UE to follow the latency requirement signalled from an IUC-Information triggering UE. The value of sl-IUC-ReportTimer is the same as the latency requirement of the SL-IUC Information in sl-LatencyBoundIUC-Report configured by RRC.

The MAC entity shall for each pair of the Source Layer-2 ID and the Destination Layer-2 ID corresponding to a PC5RRC connection which has been established by upper layers:

ETSI