<!-- Page 134 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
133
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.18.11 Void
5.18.12 Void
5.18.13 Void
5.18.14 Update of Pathloss Reference RS of SRS

The network may activate and update a pathloss reference RS for an SRS resource of a Serving Cell by sending the SRS Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.27.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an SRS Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the SRS Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE.
5.18.15 Update of Pathloss Reference RS of PUSCH

The network may activate and update a pathloss reference RS for PUSCH of a Serving Cell by sending the PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.28.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the PUSCH Pathloss Reference RS Update MAC CE.
5.18.16 Indication of spatial relation of SRS resource for a Serving Cell set

The network may indicate the spatial relation info of SRS resource of a set of Serving Cells configured in simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedListl or simultaneousSpatial-UpdatedList2 by sending the Serving Cell set based SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE and the Serving Cell Set based SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE described in clause 6.1.3.29 and 6.1 3.60, respectively.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a Serving Cell set based SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Serving Cell set based SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE.
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives a Serving Cell Set based SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the Serving Cell Set based SRS TCI State Indication MAC CE.
5.18.17 Activation/Deactivation of Semi-Persistent Positioning SRS

The network may activate and deactivate the configured resource sets of Semi-Persistent Positioning SRS of a Serving Cell by sending the SP Positioning SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE described in clause 6.1 3.36. The configured resource sets Semi-Persistent Positioning SRS are initially deactivated upon (re-)configuration by upper layers and after reconfiguration with sync.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the MAC entity receives an SP Positioning SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE on a Serving Cell:
\( 2> \) indicate to lower layers the information regarding the SP Positioning SRS Activation/Deactivation MAC CE.

ETSI