<!-- Page 243 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
242
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
6.1.3.31 Multiple Entry Configured Grant Confirmation MAC CE

The Multiple Entry Configured Grant Confirmation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2b. It has a fixed size and consists of a four octets containing 32 CG-fields. The Multiple Entry Configured Grant Confirmation MAC CE is defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.31-1).
- \( \mathrm{CG}_{1} \) : This field indicates whether PDCCH indicating activation or deactivation of configured uplink grant with ConfiguredGrantConfigIndexMAC i has been received. The \( \mathrm{CG}_{1} \) field is set to 1 to indicate that PDCCH indicating activation or deactivation of type 2 configured uplink grant with ConfiguredGrantConfigIndexMAC i has been received. The \( \mathrm{CG}_{1} \) field is set to 0 to indicate that PDCCH indicating activation or deactivation of type 2 configured uplink grant with ConfiguredGrantConfigIndexMAC i has not been received.

\begin{table}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline & & & & & & & & \\
\hline \( \mathrm{CG}_{7} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{5} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{4} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{3} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{2} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{1} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{0} \) & Oct 1 \\
\hline \( \mathrm{CG}_{15} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{14} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{13} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{12} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{11} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{10} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{9} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{8} \) & Oct 2 \\
\hline \( \mathrm{CG}_{23} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{22} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{21} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{20} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{19} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{18} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{17} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{16} \) & Oct 3 \\
\hline \( \mathrm{CG}_{31} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{30} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{29} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{28} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{27} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{26} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{25} \) & \( \mathrm{CG}_{24} \) & Oct 4 \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Figure 6.1.3.31-1: Multiple Entry Configured Grant Confirmation MAC CE}
\end{table}
6.1.3.32 Duplication RLC Activation/Deactivation MAC CE

The Duplication RLC Activation/Deactivation MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a fixed size and consists of a single octet defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.32-1).
- DRB ID: This field indicates the identity of DRB for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- RLC; This field indicates the activation/deactivation status of PDCP duplication for the RLC entity \( i \) where \( i \) is ascending order of logical channel ID of secondary RLC entities in the order of MCG and SCG, for the DRB. For Multi-path, RLC entity \( i \) is counted for secondary RLC entities in order of direct path (where \( i \) is ascending order of logical channel [D of secondary RLC entities) and indirect path. The RLC, field is set to 1 to indicate that the PDCP duplication for the RLC entity \( i \) shall be activated. The RLC \( { }_{1} \) field is set to 0 to indicate that the PDCP duplication for the RLC entity i shall be deactivated.

Figure 6.1.3.32-1: Duplication RLC Activation/Deactivation MAC CE
6.1.3.33 Sidelink Buffer Status Report MAC CEs

Sidelink Buffer Status Report (SL-BSR) MAC CEs consist of either:
- SL-BSR format (variable size); or
- Truncated SL-BSR format (variable size).

SL-BSR and Truncated SL-BSR MAC control elements consist of one Destination Index field, one LCG ID field and one corresponding Buffer Size field per reported target group.

The SL-BSR formats are identified by MAC subheaders with LCIDs as specified in in Table 6.2.1-2.

ETSI