<!-- Page 181 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
180
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
5.22.1.4.2 Multiplexing of MAC Control Elements and MAC SDUs

The MAC entity shall multiplex MAC CEs and MAC SDUs in a MAC PDU according to clauses 5.22.1.4.1 and 6.1.6.
5.22.1.5 Scheduling Request

In addition to clause 5.4.4, the Scheduling Request (SR) is also used for requesting SL-SCH resources for new transmission when triggered by the Sidelink BSR (clause 5.22.1.6) or the SL-CSI reporting (clause 5.22.1.7) or SLDRX Command indication. The Scheduling Request (SR) is also used for requesting SL-PRS resources for new transmission when triggered by SL-PRS resource request (clause 6.1.3.74). If configured, the MAC entity performs the SR procedure as specified in this clause unless otherwise specified in clause 5.4.4. For a sidelink logical channel or for SL-CSI reporting or for SL-DRX Command indication or for Sidelink consistent LBT failure recovery or for SL-PRS Resource Request, at most one PUCCH resource for SR is configured per UL BWP.

The SR configuration of the logical channel that triggered the Sidelink BSR (clause 5.22.1.6) is also considered as corresponding SR configuration for the triggered SR (clause 5.4.4). The value of the priority of the triggered SR corresponds to the value of priority of the logical channel that triggered the SR.

Each sidelink logical channel and Sidelink consistent LBT failure recovery may be mapped to zero or one SR configuration, which is configured by RRC. If the SL-CSI reporting procedure is enabled by RRC, the SL-CSI reporting is mapped to one SR configuration for all PC5-RRC connections. The SR configuration of the SL-CSI reporting triggered according to 5.22.1.7 is considered as corresponding SR configuration for the triggered SR (clause 5.4.4). The value of the priority of the triggered SR triggered by SL-CSI reporting corresponds to the value of the priority of the Sidelink CSI Reporting MAC CE. The SR configuration of the SL-CSI reporting is considered as corresponding SR configuration for the triggered SR of SL-DRX Command indication triggered according to 5.28.3. The value of the priority of the triggered SR triggered by SL-DRX Command indication corresponds to the value of the priority of the Sidelink DRX Command MAC CE. The SR configuration of the Sidelink consistent LBT failure recovery triggered according to 5.31.2 is considered as corresponding SR configuration for the triggered SR (clause 5.4.4). The value of the priority of the triggered SR triggered by Sidelink consistent LBT failure recovery corresponds to the value of the priority of the SL LBT failure MAC CE. SL-PRS resource request may be mapped to zero or one SR configuration, which is configured by RRC. The value of the priority of the triggered SR triggered by SL-PRS resource request corresponds to the value of the priority of the SL-PRS triggering the SL-PRS Resource Request MAC CE.

All pending SR(s) triggered according to the Sidelink BSR procedure (clause 5.22.1.6) prior to the MAC PDU assembly shall be cancelled and each respective sr-ProhibitTimer shall be stopped when the MAC PDU is transmitted and this PDU includes an SL-BSR MAC CE which contains buffer status up to (and including) the last event that triggered a Sidelink BSR (see clause 5.22.1.4) prior to the MAC PDU assembly.

All pending SR(s) triggered according to the Sidelink consistent LBT failure recovery (clause 5.31.2) shall be cancelled and each respective sr-ProhibitTimer shall be stopped when the MAC PDU is transmitted and this PDU includes an SL LBT failure MAC CE that indicates Sidelink consistent LBT failure or when all the triggered Sidelink consistent LBT failure(s) for an SL BWP is cancelled.

All pending SR(s) triggered according to the Sidelink BSR procedure (clause 5.22.1.6) shall be cancelled and each respective sr-ProhibitTimer shall be stopped when the SL grant(s) can accommodate all pending data available for transmission in sidelink.

If there is pending SR triggered by Sidelink consistent LBT failure recovery which has no corresponding SR configuration, MAC entity initiate a Random Access procedure (see clause 5.1) on the Serving Cell and cancel the pending SR.

The pending SR triggered according to the SL-CSI reporting for a destination shall be cancelled and each respective \( s r \) ProhibitTimer shall be stopped when the SL grant(s) can accommodate the Sidelink CSI Reporting MAC CE when the SL-CSI reporting that has been triggered but not cancelled or when the triggered SL-CSI reporting is cancelled due to latency non-fulfilment as specified in 5.22.1.7. The pending SR triggered according to the SL-DRX Command indication for a destination shall be cancelled and each respective sr-ProhibitTimer shall be stopped when the SL grant(s) can accommodate the Sidelink DRX Command MAC CE when the SL-DRX Command indication that has been triggered but not cancelled. All pending SR(s) triggered by either Sidelink BSR or Sidelink CSI report or Sidelink DRX Command indication shall be cancelled, when RRC configures Sidelink resource allocation mode 2.

All pending SR(s) triggered according to the SL-PRS Resource Request procedure (clause 5.22.1.12) prior to the MAC PDU assembly shall be cancelled and each respective sr-ProhibitTimer shall be stopped when the MAC PDU is transmitted and this PDU includes an SL-PRS Resource Request MAC CE which contains status of the pending SL-

ETSI