<!-- Page 169 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
168
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

4> determines Sidelink transmission information of the TB for the source and destination pair of the MAC PDU as follows:
\( 5> \) set the Source Layer-1 ID to the 8 LSB of the Source Layer-2 ID of the MAC PDU;
\( 5> \) set the Destination Layer-1 ID to the 16 LSB of the Destination Layer-2 ID of the MAC PDU;
\( 5> \) (re-)associate the Sidelink process to a Sidelink process ID;
NOTE 1b:How UE determine Sidelink process ID in SCI is left to UE implementation for NR sidelink.
\( 5> \) consider the NDI to have been toggled compared to the value of the previous transmission corresponding to the Sidelink identification information and the Sidelink process ID of the MAC PDU and set the NDI to the toggled value;

NOTE 2: The initial value of the NDI set to the very first transmission for the associated Sidelink process is left to UE implementation.

NOTE 3: Void.
\( 5> \) if the MAC PDU is for NR sidelink discovery:
6> set the cast type indicator to broadcast.
\( 5> \) else:
\( 6> \) if the MAC PDU includes only Sidelink MAC CE(s):
7> if the MAC PDU includes only Sidelink Inter-UE Coordination Information MAC CE indicating non-preferred resource set and triggered by a condition other than the explicit request:
\( 8> \) set the cast type indicator to one of broadcast, groupcast and unicast.
\( 7> \) else:
\( 8> \) set the cast type indicator to unicast.
6> else:
\( 7> \) set the cast type indicator to one of broadcast, groupcast and unicast as indicated by upper layers.
\( 5> \) if HARQ feedback has been enabled for the MAC PDU according to clause 5.22.1.4.2;
\( 6> \) set the HARQ feedback enabled/disabled indicator to enabled.
\( 5> \) else:
6> set the HARQ feedback enabled/disabled indicator to disabled.
\( 5> \) set the priority to the value of the highest priority of the logical channel(s), if any, and MAC CE(s), if included, in the MAC PDU and SL-PRS, if any;

ETSI