<!-- Page 44 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
43
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) if the Random Access Response reception is considered successful:
\( 3> \) if the Random Access Response includes a MAC subPDU with RAPID only:
4> consider this Random Access procedure successfully completed;
4> indicate the reception of an acknowledgement for SI request to upper layers.
3> else:
4> apply the following actions for the Serving Cell where the Random Access Preamble was transmitted:
\( 5> \) process the received Timing Advance Command (see clause 5.2);
\( 5> \) indicate the preambleReceivedTargetPower and the amount of power ramping applied to the latest Random Access Preamble transmission to lower layers (i.e.
(PREAMBLE_POWER_RAMPING_COUNTER -1 ) × PREAMBLE_POWER_RAMPING_STEP);
\( 5> \) if the Random Access procedure for an SCell is performed on uplink carrier where pusch-Config is not configured:
\( 6> \) ignore the received UL grant.
5> else:
6> process the received UL grant value and indicate it to the lower layers.
4> if the Random Access Preamble was not selected by the MAC entity among the contention-based Random Access Preamble(s):
\( 5> \) consider the Random Access procedure successfully completed.
4> else:
\( 5> \) set the TEMPORARY_C-RNTI to the value received in the Random Access Response;
\( 5> \) if this is the first successfully received Random Access Response within this Random Access procedure:
\( 6> \) if the transmission is not being made for the CCCH logical channel:
\( 7> \) indicate to the Multiplexing and assembly entity to include a C-RNTI MAC CE in the subsequent uplink transmission.
\( 6> \) if the Random Access procedure was initiated for SpCell beam failure recovery and spCell\( B F R-C B R A \) with value true is configured:

7> if there is at least one Serving Cell of this MAC entity configured with two BFD-RS sets:
\( 8> \) indicate to the Multiplexing and assembly entity to include an Enhanced BFR MAC CE or a Truncated Enhanced BFR MAC CE in the subsequent uplink transmission.
\( 7> \) else:
\( 8> \) indicate to the Multiplexing and assembly entity to include a BFR MAC CE or a Truncated BFR MAC CE in the subsequent uplink transmission.

6> else if the Random Access procedure was initiated for beam failure recovery of both BFD-RS sets of SpCell:

7> indicate to the Multiplexing and assembly entity to include an Enhanced BFR MAC CE or a Truncated Enhanced BFR MAC CE in the subsequent uplink transmission.
\( 6> \) obtain the MAC PDU to transmit from the Multiplexing and assembly entity and store it in the Msg3 buffer.

ETSI