<!-- Page 136 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
135
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

For Case-6 and Case-7 timing modes, a separate value for the number of guard symbols is specified for each of the following eight switching scenarios (see Table 5.18.19-2):

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 5.18.19-2: Switching scenarios and relevant guard symbols for Case-6 and Case-7 timing modes}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
\hline \multicolumn{2}{|c|}{Switching scenario} & Field for number of guard symbols in MAC CE \\
\hline \multirow[t]{4}{*}{IAB-MT operation to IABDU operation} & MT Tx (Case-6) to DU Tx (Case-1) & NmbGS \( { }_{9} \) \\
\hline & MT Tx (Case-6) to DU Rx (Case-1) & NmbGS \( { }_{10} \) \\
\hline & MT Tx (Case-7) to DU Tx (Case-1) & NmbGS \( { }_{11} \) \\
\hline & MT Tx (Case-7) to DU Rx (Case-1) & NmbGS \( { }_{12} \) \\
\hline \multirow[t]{4}{*}{IAB-DU operation to IABMT operation} & DU Tx (Case-1) to MT Tx (Case-6) & NmbGS \( { }_{13} \) \\
\hline & DU Rx (Case-1) to MT Tx (Case-6) & NmbGS \( { }_{14} \) \\
\hline & DU Tx (Case-1) to MT Tx (Case-7) & NmbGS \( { }_{15} \) \\
\hline & DU Rx (Case-1) to MT Tx (Case-7) & NmbGS \( { }_{16} \) \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
5.18.20 Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command

If the UE is configured with pre-configured measurement gaps, the network may send DL MAC CE for Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command to the UE as in clause 6.1.3.41. For the activated measurement gap, the UE shall follow the specified UE behaviour in clause 5.14.

Upon the reception of the MAC CE for Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command, the MAC entity shall:

1> if the Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command MAC CE indicates the deactivation of a preconfigured positioning measurement gap:
\( 2> \) deactivate the positioning measurement gap.
1> else if the Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Command MAC CE indicates the activation of a pre-configured measurement gap:
\( 2> \) activate the positioning measurement gap and perform the procedure specified in clause 5.14 .
5.18.21 PPW Activation/Deactivation Command

If the UE is configured with pre-configured PPW, the network may send DL MAC CE for PPW Activation/Deactivation Command to the UE as in clause 6.1.3.42. For the activated PPW, the UE shall follow the specified UE behaviour in clause 5.24.

Upon activation of DL BWP, the PPW(s) configured for that BWP are considered deactivated. Upon reconfiguration of PPW(s) of the active DL BWP, all the PPW(s) for that BWP are considered deactivated.

Upon the reception of the MAC CE for PPW Activation/Deactivation Command, the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if the DL MAC CE for PPW Activation/Deactivation Command indicates the deactivation of a pre-configured PPW:
\( 2> \) deactivate the PPW.
1> else if the DL MAC CE for PPW Activation/Deactivation Command indicates the activation of a pre-configured PPW:
\( 2> \) activate the PPW according to the procedure specified in clause 5.24.

ETSI