<!-- Page 142 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
141
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) start or restart datalnactivityTimer.
\( 1> \) if the datalnactivityTimer expires:
\( 2> \) indicate the expiry of the datalnactivityTimer to upper layers.
5.20 Void
5.21 LBT operation
5.21.1 General

The lower layer may perform an LBT procedure, see TS 37.213 [18], according to which a transmission is not performed by lower layers if the channel is identified as being occupied. When lower layer performs an LBT procedure before a transmission and the transmission is not performed, an LBT failure indication is sent to the MAC entity from lower layers. Unless otherwise specified, when LBT procedure is performed for a transmission, actions as specified in this specification are performed regardless of if an LBT failure indication is received from lower layers. When LBT is not performed by the lower layers, LBT failure indication is not received from lower layers.
5.21.2 LBT failure detection and recovery procedure

The MAC entity may be configured by RRC with a consistent LBT failure recovery procedure. Consistent LBT failure is detected per UL BWP by counting LBT failure indications, for all UL transmissions, from the lower layers to the MAC entity.

RRC configures the following parameters in the \( I b t \)-FailureRecoveryConfig:
- Ibt-FailureInstanceMaxCount for the consistent LBT failure detection;
- Ibt-FailureDetectionTimer for the consistent LBT failure detection;

The following UE variable is used for the consistent LBT failure detection procedure:
- LBT_COUNTER (per Serving Cell): counter for LBT failure indication which is initially set to 0 .

For each activated Serving Cell configured with Ibt-FailureRecoveryConfig, the MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if LBT failure indication has been received from lower layers:
\( 2> \) start or restart the \( l b t \)-FailureDetectionTimer;
\( 2> \) increment \( L B T_{-} \)COUNTER by 1 ;
\( 2> \) if LBT_COUNTER>= Ibt-FailurelnstanceMaxCount:
3> trigger consistent LBT failure for the active UL BWP in this Serving Cell;
3> if this Serving Cell is the SpCell:
4> if consistent LBT failure has been triggered in all UL BWPs configured with PRACH occasions on same carrier in this Serving Cell:
\( 5> \) indicate consistent LBT failure to upper layers.
4> else:
\( 5> \) stop any ongoing Random Access procedure in this Serving Cell;
5> switch the active UL BWP to a UL BWP, on same carrier in this Serving Cell, configured with PRACH occasion and for which consistent LBT failure has not been triggered;
\( 5> \) initiate a Random Access Procedure (as specified in clause 5.1.1).

ETSI