<!-- Page 254 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
253
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\begin{table}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{7} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{4} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{3} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{2} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) & SP \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{15} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{14} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{13} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{12} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{11} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{10} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{9} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{8} \) \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{23} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{22} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{21} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{20} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{19} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{18} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{17} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{16} \) \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{31} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{30} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{29} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{28} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{27} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{26} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{25} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{24} \) \\
\hline \( \mathrm{S}_{7} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{5} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{4} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{3} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{2} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{1} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{0} \) \\
\hline \( \mathrm{S}_{15} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{14} \) & \( S_{13} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{12} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{11} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{10} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{9} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{8} \) \\
\hline \( \mathrm{S}_{23} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{22} \) & \( S_{21} \) & \( S_{20} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{19} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{18} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{17} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{16} \) \\
\hline \( \mathrm{S}_{31} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{30} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{29} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{28} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{27} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{26} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{25} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{24} \) \\
\hline AC & ID & \multicolumn{6}{|c|}{Candidate RS ID or R bits} \\
\hline AC & ID & \multicolumn{6}{|c|}{Candidate RS ID or R bits} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Figure 6.1.3.43-2: Enhanced BFR and Truncated Enhanced BFR MAC CE with four octets \( \mathrm{C}_{i} \) field}
\end{table}
6.1.3.44 Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE

The Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific PDCCH MAC CE is identified by a MAC PDU subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a fixed size of 24 bits with following fields:
- Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell for which the MAC CE applies. The length of the field is 5 bits. If the indicated Serving Cell is configured as part of a simultaneous TCI-UpdateListl or simultaneous TCI-UpdateList2 as specified in TS 38.331 [5], this MAC CE applies to all theServing Cells in the set simultaneousTCI-UpdateList1 or simultaneousTCI-UpdateList2, respectively;
- CORESET ID: This field indicates a Control Resource Set identified with ControlResourceSetld as specified in TS 38.331 [5], for which the TCI State is being indicated. In case the value of the field is 0 , the field refers to the Control Resource Set configured by controlResourceSetZero as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- TCI state IDi: This field indicates the TCI state identified by TCI-Stateld as specified in TS 38.331 [5] applicable to the Control Resource Set identified by CORESET ID field. If the field of CORESET ID is set to the other value than 0 , this field indicates a TCI-Stateld configured by tci-StatesPDCCH-ToAddList and tci-StatesPDCCH-ToReleaseList in the controlResourceSet identified by the indicated CORESET ID. The length of the field is 7 bits.

NOTE 1: The Enhanced TCI State Indication for UE specific PDCCH MAC CE is not applicable to any of the configured CORESETs in a BWP if the CORESETs are configured with different CORESETPoolindex values in the BWP.

NOTE 2: The Enhanced TCI State Indication for UE specific PDCCH MAC CE is applied only if sfnSchemePdcch is configured.

ETSI