<!-- Page 284 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
283
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

field is set to 01 , the provided power adjustment is applied on non-FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals may overlap in the frequency-domain for a given (MT CC, DU cell); when this field is set to 10, the provided power adjustment is applied on FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals are non-overlapping in the frequency-domain, and on non-FDM resources where the simultaneous MT and DU signals may overlap in the frequency-domain for a given (MT CC, DU cell). The length of the field is 2 bits;
- Cell info: indicates the cell configuration associated with the information contained in the MAC CE. The length of the field is 14 bits. IAB-DU cell is contained in the first nine bits of the field, while the Child IAB-MT Serving Cell index into the next 5 bits of the field. The length of the field is 14 bits.

\begin{tabular}{|c|c|c|c|c|c|c|}
\hline \begin{tabular}{c} 
IAB-MT beam \\
type ID
\end{tabular} & \( R \) & \( R \) & \( R \) & \( R \) & \( R \) & \( R \) \\
\hline \multicolumn{7}{|c|}{ IAB-MT Resource set ID } \\
\hline \begin{tabular}{c} 
DU resource \\
configuration
\end{tabular} & \multicolumn{6}{|c|}{ Cell info } \\
\hline \multicolumn{7}{|c|}{ Cell info } \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

Figure 6.1.3.63-1: DL TX Power Adjustment and Desired DL TX Power Adjustment MAC CEs
6.1.3.64 Desired IAB-MT PSD range MAC CE

The Desired IAB-MT PSD range MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2b. It has a variable size with following fields (Figure 6.1.3.64-1):
- Resource Configuration ID: This field indicates the RRC configuration which applies to this MAC CE and corresponds to iab-ResourceConfigID parameter in IAB-ResourceConfig as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 16 bits;
- PSD range: This field contains the desired PSD range a node sends to its parent node to help with the sending node's MT UL TX power control. The desired PSD range is indicated by a maximum value (i.e. Pmax), and an offset relative to the maximum value, i.e the desired PSD range is from Pmax - offset to Pmax. The 4 left-most

ETSI