<!-- Page 249 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
248
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.37-2: Case-7 timing Guard Symbols MAC CEs
6.1.3.38 Case-7 Timing advance offset MAC CE

The Case-7 Timing advance offset MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.11b.

The Case-7 Timing advance offset MAC CE is related to the Case-7 timing mode, has a fixed size and consists of two octets defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.21-2):
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 ;
- \( T_{o \text { ISset, } 2} \) : This field indicates the value \( (-3072,-3071, \ldots, 1023) \) used to control the amount of timing adjustment that MAC entity indicates (as specified in TS 38.213 [6]). The length of the field is 12 bits.

Figure 6.1.3.38-1: Case-7 Timing advance offset MAC CE
6.1.3.39 Case-6 Timing Request MAC CE

The Case-6 Timing Request MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2b. This MAC CE is used by the IAB-MT node to inform its parent node whether Case-6 timing is required for simultaneous operation.

It has a fixed size of zero bits.
6.1.3.40 Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/Deactivation Request MAC CE

The Positioning Measurement Gap Activation/deactivation request MAC CE is identified by MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-2b.

It has a fixed 8-bit size defined as follows (Figure 6.1.3.40-1):
- Positioning MG ID: This field indicates the identifier for the pre-configured positioning measurement gap. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- A/D: This field indicates the activation or deactivation of the Positioning Measurement Gap. The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation. The length of the field is 1 bit;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

ETSI