<!-- Page 196 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
195
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 3> \) indicate to the upper layers that the conditions for initiating SDT procedure are not fulfilled.
1> else:
\( 2> \) indicate to the upper layers that the conditions for initiating SDT procedure are not fulfilled.
If Random Access procedure is selected above for SDT procedure initiated for MO-SDT or MT-SDT and after the Random Access procedure is successfully completed (see clause 5.1.6), the UE monitors PDCCH addressed to C-RNTI received in random access response until the SDT procedure is terminated. If CG-SDT is selected above and after the initial transmission for CG-SDT is performed, the UE monitors PDCCH addressed to C-RNTI as stored in UE Inactive AS context as specified in TS 38.331 [5] and CS-RNTI until the SDT procedure is terminated.

The MAC entity shall:
\( 1> \) if sdt-BeamFailureRecoveryProhibitTimer is configured and not running; and
1> if RA-SDT procedure for MO-SDT or MT-SDT procedure initiated by Random Access procedure is ongoing:
\( 2> \) if SS-RSRP of the SSB selected in the last successfully completed Random Access procedure during ongoing RA-SDT procedure or ongoing MT-SDT procedure initiated by Random Access procedure is less than rsrpThresholdSSB:
\( 3> \) start the sdt-BeamFailureRecoveryProhibitTimer;
\( 3> \) initiate a Random Access procedure (see clause 5.1).
NOTE 1a: It is up to UE implementation when to measure SSBs during ongoing RA-SDT procedure or ongoing MT-SDT procedure initiated by Random Access procedure. Based on implementation the UE need not initiate the Random Access procedure if there is no SSB with SS-RSRP above rsrp-ThresholdSSB. The UE uses rsrp-ThresholdSSB in Random Access configuration selected by the UE when RA-SDT or MTSDT procedure was initiated.

NOTE 2: When the UE determines if there is an SSB with SS-RSRP above cg-SDT-RSRP-ThresholdSSB or less than rsrp-ThresholdSSB, the UE uses the latest unfiltered L1-RSRP measurement.
5.27.2 TA Validation for CG-SDT

RRC configures the following parameters for TA validation for CG-SDT:
- cg-SDT-RSRP-ChangeThreshold: RSRP threshold for the increase/decrease of RSRP for time alignment validation.

The MAC entity shall, upon the reception of CG-SDT configuration:
\( 1> \) store the current RSRP of the downlink pathloss reference for TA validation as defined in TS 38.331 [5] clause 5.7.17.

The MAC entity shall consider the TA of the initial CG-SDT transmission with CCCH message to be valid when the following conditions are fulfilled:
\( 1> \) The RSRP values for the stored downlink pathloss reference and the current downlink pathloss reference are valid according to TS 38.133 [11]; and

1> Compared to the stored downlink pathloss reference RSRP value, the current RSRP value of the downlink pathloss reference calculated as specified in TS 38.133 [11] has not increased/decreased by more than cg-SDT-RSRP-ChangeThreshold, if configured; and
\( 1> \) cg-SDT-TimeAlignmentTimer is running-

ETSI