<!-- Page 253 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
252
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)
- \( \mathrm{S}_{\mathrm{k}} \) (Truncated Enhanced BFR MAC CE): This field corresponds to the \( \mathrm{k}^{\text {th }} \) Serving Cell for which SP/C, field is set to 1 and is configured with two BFD-RS sets. The Serving Cells for which SP/C, field is set to 1 and are configured with two BFD-RS sets, are indexed sequentially starting with SpCell and followed by SCells in ascending order of ServCellIndex i. This field indicates whether beam failure is detected for one or both BFD-RS sets of the Serving Cell. The \( \mathrm{S}_{\mathrm{k}} \) field set to 1 indicates that beam failure is detected for both the BFD-RS sets, the evaluation of the candidate beams according to the requirements as specified in TS 38.133 [11] has been completed for both the BFD-RS sets, and the octet containing the AC field is present for zero, one or two BFDRS sets of the Serving Cell. The \( S_{k} \) field set to 0 indicates that beam failure is either detected for one of the BFDRS sets and the evaluation of the candidate beams according to the requirements as specified in TS 38.133 [11] has been completed or beam failure is detected for both the BFD-RS sets but the evaluation of the candidate beams according to the requirements as specified in TS 38.133 [11] has not been completed for both the BFD-RS sets, and the octet containing the AC field is present for zero or one BFD-RS set of the Serving Cell. The \( \mathrm{S}_{\mathrm{k}} \) field not mapped to any Serving Cell is set to 0 ;
- AC: This field indicates the presence of the Candidate RS ID field in this octet. If at least one of the SSBs with SS-RSRP above rsrp-ThresholdBFR amongst the SSBs in list of candidate beams (i.e. candidateBeamRS-List\( r 16 \) for the SCell not configured with two BFD-RS sets, candidateBeamRS-List-r16 or candidateBeamRS-List2\( r l 7 \) for Serving Cell configured with two BFD-RS sets) or the CSI-RSs with CSI-RSRP above rsrpThresholdBFR amongst the CSI-RSs in list of candidate beams is available, the AC field is set to 1 ; otherwise, it is set to 0 . If the \( A C \) field set to 1 , the Candidate RS ID field is present. If the \( A C \) field set to \( 0, R \) bits are present instead;
- ID: This field indicates the identity of the BFD-RS set. It is set to 0 if this octet corresponds to BFD-RS set one, failureDetectionSet1-r17. It is set to 1 if this octet corresponds to BFD-RS set two, failureDetectionSet2-r17. For the Serving cell not configured with two BFD-RS sets, this field is set to 0 ;
- Candidate RS ID: This field is set to the index of an SSB with SS-RSRP above rsrp-ThresholdBFR amongst the SSBs in list of candidate beams (i.e candidateBeamRS-List-r 16 for the SCell not configured with two BFD-RS sets, candidateBeamRS-List-r 16 or candidateBeamRS-List2-r 17 for Serving Cell configured with two BFD-RS sets) or to the index of a CSI-RS with CSI-RSRP above rsrp-ThresholdBFR amongst the CSI-RSs in the list of candidate beams. Index of an SSB or CSI-RS is the index of an entry in the list of candidate beams corresponding to the SSB or CSI-RS. Index 0 corresponds to the first entry in the list of candidate beams, index 1 corresponds to the second entry in the list and so on. The length of this field is 6 bits;
- R: Reserved bit, set to 0 .

\begin{table}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|}
\hline \multicolumn{8}{|c|}{} \\
\hline \( \mathrm{C}_{7} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{5} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{4} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{3} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{2} \) & \( \mathrm{C}_{1} \) & SP \\
\hline \( \mathrm{S}_{7} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{6} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{5} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{4} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{3} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{2} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{1} \) & \( \mathrm{S}_{0} \) \\
\hline AC & ID & \multicolumn{6}{|c|}{Candidate RS ID or R bits} \\
\hline \multicolumn{8}{|c|}{⋯} \\
\hline AC & ID & \multicolumn{6}{|c|}{Candidate RS ID or R bits} \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Figure 6.1.3.43-1: Enhanced BFR and Truncated Enhanced BFR MAC CE with one octet \( \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{i}} \) field}
\end{table}

ETSI