<!-- Page 14 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
13
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Shared SL-PRS resource pool: A sidelink resource pool which can be used for the transmission of both SL-PRS and PSSCH.

Sidelink transmission information: Sidelink transmission information included in an SCI for an SL-SCH transmission or SL-PRS transmission with or without SL-SCH transmission on Shared SL-PRS resource pool as specified in clause 8.3 and 8.4 of TS 38.212 [9] consists of Sidelink HARQ information including NDI, RV, Sidelink process [D, HARQ feedback enabled/disabled indicator, Sidelink identification information including cast type indicator, Source Layer-1 ID and Destination Layer-1 ID, and Sidelink other information including CSI request, SL-PRS request, SL-PRS resource ID, a priority, a communication range requirement and Zone ID and COT sharing information.

SL-PRS delay budget: Delay budget before which the SL-PRS is expected to be transmitted by the Tx UE.
SL-PRS transmission information on Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool: SL-PRS transmission information on Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool is included in an SCI for an SL-PRS transmission on Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool, as specified in TS 38.212 [9], consisting of
- SL-PRS identification information, including cast type indicator, source ID and destination ID;
- SL-PRS transmission other information, including SL-PRS priority, SL-PRS request, SL-PRS resource ID and resource reservation period.

SRS for positioning Tx frequency hopping: Transmit frequency hopping of positioning SRS in RRC_INACTIVE and RRC_CONNECTED.

SRS positioning validity area: An area consisting of a list of cells within which the corresponding positioning SRS configuration is considered as valid.

Special Cell: For Dual Connectivity operation the term Special Cell refers to the PCell of the MCG or the PSCell of the SCG depending on if the MAC entity is associated to the MCG or the SCG, respectively. Otherwise the term Special Cell refers to the PCell. A Special Cell supports PUCCH transmission and contention-based Random Access, and is always activated.

Timing Advance Group: A group of Serving Cells that is configured by RRC and that, for the cells with a UL configured, using the same timing reference cell and the same Timing Advance value. A Timing Advance Group containing the SpCell of a MAC entity is referred to as Primary Timing Advance Group (PTAG), whereas the term Secondary Timing Advance Group (STAG) refers to other TAGs.

UE-gNB RTT: For non-terrestrial networks, the sum of the UE's Timing Advance value (see TS 38.211 [8] clause 4.3.1) and kmac.

V2X sidelink communication: AS functionality enabling V2X Communication as defined in TS 23.285 [20], between nearby UEs, using E-UTRA technology but not traversing any network node.

NOTE 1: A timer is running once it is started, until it is stopped or until it expires; otherwise it is not running. A timer can be started if it is not running or restarted if it is running. A Timer is always started or restarted from its initial value. The duration of a timer is not updated until it is stopped or expires (e.g. due to BWP switching). When the MAC entity applies zero value for a timer, the timer shall be started and immediately expire unless explicitly stated otherwise.

NOTE 2: In this version of the specification, the SRS in the procedural description includes Positioning SRS except for the Positioning SRS for transmission in RRC_INACTIVE as in clause 5.26. Positioning SRS except for the Positioning SRS for transmission in RRC_INACTIVE is treated the same as SRS by the UE unless explicitly stated otherwise.
3.2 Abbreviations

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in TR 21.905 [1] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 [1].

\begin{tabular}{ll} 
A2X & Aircraft-to-Everything \\
AP & Aperiodic \\
BFR & Beam Failure Recovery \\
BRID & Broadcast Remote Identification
\end{tabular}

ETSI