<!-- Page 201 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
200
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

\( 2> \) stop \( s \)-drx-onDurationTimer for the Source Layer-2 ID and Destination Layer-2 ID pair of a unicast;
\( 2> \) stop \( s \) /-drx-InactivityTimer for the Source Layer-2 ID and Destination Layer-2 ID pair of a unicast.
5.28.3 Behaviour of UE transmitting SL-SCH Data

The UE transmitting SL-SCH Data should keep aligned with its intended UE receiving the SL-SCH Data regarding the SL DRX Active time as specified in clause 5.28.2.

Furthermore, the UE transmitting SL-SCH Data determines the SL DRX Active time based on SL DRX timers that are running (e.g., sl-drx-onDurationTimer/sl-DRX-GC-BC-OnDurationTimer, sl-drx-InactivityTimer/sl-DRX-GCInactivityTimer, sl-drx-RetransmissionTimer/sl-DRX-GC-RetransmissionTimer) or will be running in the future (e.g., sl-dræ-onDurationTimer/sl-DRX-GC-BC-OnDurationTimer, sl-drx-InactivityTimer/sl-DRX-GC-InactivityTimer, sl-drx-RetransmissionTimer/sl-DRX-GC-RetransmissionTimer) at the UE(s) receiving SL-SCH data. The UE may select resource for the initial transmission of groupcast within the time when sl-DRX-GC-BC-OnDurationTimer or sl-DRX-GC-InactivityTimer of the destination is running.

NOTE 1: A UE may assume that a resource for retransmission is in the Active time if an initial transmission causes the sl-drx-RetransmissionTimer/sl-DRX-GC-RetransmissionTimer to be started at the receiving UE.

NOTE 2: A UE may send SL DRX Command MAC CE to receiving UE for unicast and when to send SL DRX Command MAC CE is up to UE implementation.

The MAC entity shall for each Destination Layer-2 ID associated with groupcast that is interested in NR sidelink transmision:

1> if the SCI indicates a new transmission where the cast type is set to groupcast is transmitted:
\( 2> \) start or restart sl-DRX-GC-InactivityTimer for the corresponding Destination Layer-2 ID in the first slot after SCI transmission.

The MAC entity shall for each pair of the Source Layer-2 ID and the Destination Layer-2 ID corresponding to each PC5-RRC connection which has been established by upper layers:
\( 1> \) if the SL DRX Command indication has been triggered by the UE:
\( 2> \) if the MAC entity has SL resources allocated for new transmission and the SL-SCH resources can accommodate the SL DRX Command MAC CE and its subheader as a result of logical channel prioritization:
\( 3> \) instruct the Multiplexing and Assembly procedure to generate a Sidelink DRX Command MAC CE as defined in clause 6.1_3_52;
\( 3> \) cancel the triggered SL DRX Command indication.
\( 2> \) else if the MAC entity has been configured with Sidelink resource allocation mode 1:
3> trigger a Scheduling Request.
5.29 Activation/Deactivation of SCG

The network may activate and deactivate the configured SCG.
The MAC entity shall for the configured SCG:
1> if upper layers indicate that SCG is activated:
\( 2> \) if BFI_COUNTER>= beamFailurelnstanceMaxCount for the PSCell or the timeAlignmentTimer associated with PTAG is not running:

3> indicate to upper layers that a Random Access Procedure (as specified in clause 5.1.1) is needed for SCG activation.
\( 2> \) activate the SCG according to the timing defined in TS 38.133 [11].

ETSI