<!-- Page 238 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
237
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

Figure 6.1.3.25-1: Enhanced PUCCH spatial relation Activation/Deactivation MAC CE
6.1.3.26 Enhanced SP/AP SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE

The Enhanced SP/AP SRS Spatial Relation Indication MAC CE is identified by a MAC subheader with eLCID as specified in Table 6.2.1-1b. It has a variable size with following fields:
- A/D: This field indicates whether to activate or deactivate indicated SP SRS resource set. The field is set to 1 to indicate activation, otherwise it indicates deactivation. If the indicated SRS resource set ID is for the AP SRS resource set, MAC entity shall ignore this field;
- SRS Resource Set's Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell, which contains the indicated SP/AP SRS Resource Set. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the Serving Cell which contains all resources indicated by the Resource ID, fields. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- SRS Resource Set's BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], which contains the indicated SP/AP SRS Resource Set. If the C field is set to 0 , this field also indicates the identity of the BWP which contains all resources indicated by the Resource ID, fields. The length of the field is 2 bits;
- C: This field indicates whether the octets containing Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s) are present. If this field is set to 1, Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s) are present, otherwise they are not present so MAC entity shall ignore Resource Serving Cell ID field(s) and Resource BWP ID field(s);
- SUL: This field indicates whether the MAC CE applies to the NUL carrier or SUL carrier configuration. This field is set to 1 to indicate that it applies to the SUL carrier configuration, and it is set to 0 to indicate that it applies to the NUL carrier configuration;
- SRS Resource Set ID: This field indicates the SP/AP SRS Resource Set ID identified by SRS-ResourceSetld as specified in TS 38.331 [5]. The length of the field is 4 bits;
- \( F_{1} \) : This field indicates the type of a resource used as a spatial relationship for SRS resource within SP/AP SRS Resource Set indicated with SP/AP SRS Resource Set ID field. Fo refers to the first SRS resource within the resource set, \( F_{1} \) to the second one and so on. The field is set to 1 to indicate NZP CSI-RS resource index is used, and it is set to 0 to indicate either SSB index or SRS resource index is used. The length of the field is 1 bit. This field is only present if MAC CE is used for activation of SP SRS resource set, i.e. the A/D field is set to 1 , or for AP SRS resource set;
- Resource Serving Cell ID: This field indicates the identity of the Serving Cell on which the resource used for spatial relationship derivation for SRS resource \( i \) is located. The length of the field is 5 bits;
- Resource BWP ID: This field indicates a UL BWP as the codepoint of the DCI bandwidth part indicator field as specified in TS 38.212 [9], on which the resource used for spatial relationship derivation for SRS resource \( i \) is located. The length of the field is 2 bits;

ETSI