<!-- Page 12 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
11
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

[21] 3GPP TS 36.331: "Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRA); Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol specification".
[22] 3GPP TS 36.321: "Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRA); Medium Access Control (MAC); Protocol specification".
[23] 3GPP TS 37.355: "Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRA); LTE Positioning Protocol (LPP)".
[24] 3GPP TS 38.215: "NR; Physical layer measurements".
[25] 3GPP TS 38.306: "NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access capabilities".
[26] 3GPP TS 23.304: "Proximity based Services (ProSe) in the 5G System (5GS)".
[27] 3GPP TS 38.473: "NG-RAN; F1 Application Protocol (F1AP)".
[28] 3GPP TS 24.587: "Technical Specification Group Core Network and Terminals; Vehicle-toEverything (V2X) services in 5G System (5GS)".
[29] 3GPP TS 24.554: "Technical Specification Group Core Network and Terminals; Proximityservices (ProSe) in 5G System (5GS) protocol".
[30] 3GPP TS 23.586: "Technical Specification Group Services and System Aspects; Architectural Enhancements to support Ranging based services and Sidelink Positioning".
[31] 3GPP TS 23.256: "Support of Uncrewed Aerial Systems (UAS) connectivity, identification and tracking; Stage 2".

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
3.1 Definitions

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions given in TR 21.905 [1] and the following apply. A term defined in the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term, if any, in TR 21.905 [1].

A2X communication: A communication to support A2X services leveraging PC5 reference points, as defined in TS 23.256 [31]. A2X services are realized by various types of A2X applications, e.g., BRID or DAA.

Air to Ground network: An NG-RAN consisting of ground-based gNBs, which provide cell towers that send signals up to an aircraft's antenna(s) of onboard ATG terminal, with typical vertical altitude of around \( 10,000 \mathrm{~m} \) and takeoff/landing altitudes down to 3000 m .

BWP for SRS for positioning Tx frequency hopping: For SRS for positioning Tx frequency hopping, separate BWP configuration outside BWP configuration for data transmission.

Dedicated SL-PRS resource pool: A sidelink resource pool which can be used for the transmission of SL-PRS and cannot be used for the transmission of PSSCH.

Dormant BWP: The dormant BWP is one of downlink BWPs configured by the network via dedicated RRC signaling. In the dormant BWP, the UE stop monitoring PDCCH on/for the SCell, but continues performing CSI measurements, Automatic Gain Control (AGC) and beam management, if configured.

DRX group: A group of Serving Cells that is configured by RRC and that have the same DRX Active Time.
eRedCap UE: A UE with enhanced reduced capabilities as specified in clause 4.2.22.1 of TS 38.306 [25].
HARQ information: HARQ information for DL-SCH, for UL-SCH, or for SL-SCH transmissions consists of New Data Indicator (NDI), Transport Block Size (TBS), Redundancy Version (RV), and HARQ process ID.

IAB-donor: gNB that provides network access to UEs via a network of backhaul and access links.
IAB-node: RAN node that supports NR access links to UEs and NR backhaul links to parent nodes and child nodes.

ETSI