<!-- Page 211 of ts_138321v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.321 version 18.2.0 Release 18
210
ETSI TS 138321 V18.2.0 (2024-08)

The fields in the BSR MAC CE are defined as follows:
- LCG ID: The Logical Channel Group ID field identifies the group of logical channel(s) whose buffer status is being reported. The length of the field is 3 bits for the case of Short BSR and Short Truncated BSR formats, and 8 bits for the case of Extended Short BSR and Extended Short Truncated BSR formats;
- LCG \( { }_{1} \). For the Long BSR format, Refined Long BSR format, Extended Long BSR format, Pre-emptive BSR format, and Extended Pre-emptive BSR format, this field indicates the presence of the Buffer Size field for the logical channel group i. The \( L C G_{1} \) field set to 1 indicates that the Buffer Size field for the logical channel group i is reported. The LCG, field set to 0 indicates that the Buffer Size field for the logical channel group i is not reported. For the Long Truncated BSR format and the Extended Long Truncated BSR format, this field indicates whether logical channel group \( i \) has data available. The \( \mathrm{LCG}_{1} \) field set to 1 indicates that logical channel group \( i \) has data available. The LCG, field set to 0 indicates that logical channel group i does not have data available;
- \( \mathrm{BT}_{1} \) : This field is included only in the Refined Long BSR format. This field is present only if the corresponding LCG \( { }_{1} \) is set to 1 ; otherwise, this field is reserved and set to 0 . If present, this field indicates which buffer size table is used to set the Buffer Size field for the logical channel group i. The BT, field set to 1 indicates that the buffer size table specified in Table 6.1.3.1-3 is used for the logical channel group i. The BT, field set to 0 indicates that the buffer size table specified in Table 6.1.3.1-2 is used for the logical channel group i;
- Buffer Size: The Buffer Size field identifies the total amount of data available according to the data volume calculation procedure in TSs 38.322 [3] and 38.323 [4] across all logical channels of a logical channel group after the MAC PDU has been built (i.e. after the logical channel prioritization procedure, which may result the value of the Buffer Size field to zero). The amount of data is indicated in number of bytes. The size of the RLC headers and MAC subheaders are not considered in the buffer size computation. The length of this field for the Short BSR format and the Short Truncated BSR format is 5 bits. The length of this field for the Extended Short BSR format and the Extended Short Truncated BSR format is 8 bits. The length of this field for the Long BSR format, the Refined Long BSR format, the Long Truncated BSR format, the Extended Long BSR format, and the Extended Long Truncated format is 8 bits. The values for the 5 -bit Buffer Size fields are shown in Table 6.1.3.11. The values for the 8-bit Buffer Size fields in the Long BSR format, the Long Truncated BSR format, the Extended Long BSR format, and the Extended Long Truncated format are shown in Table 6.1.3.1-2. For the Refined Long BSR format, if an LCG is configured with additionalBS-TableAllowed and the amount of data for the LCG is within the buffer sizes specified in Table 6.1.3.1-3, the MAC entity shall use the buffer sizes specified in Table 6.1.3.1-3 to set the value of this field; otherwise, the MAC entity shall use Table 6.1.3.1-2 instead. For the Long BSR format, the Refined Long BSR format, the Long Truncated BSR format, the Extended Long BSR format, and the Extended Long Truncated format, the Buffer Size fields are included in ascending order based on the LCG \( { }_{1} \). For the Long Truncated BSR format and the Extended Long Truncated format the number of Buffer Size fields included is maximised, while not exceeding the number of padding bits. For the Pre-emptive BSR format and the Extended Pre-emptive BSR format, the Buffer Size field identifies the total amount of the data expected to arrive at the IAB-MT of the node where the Pre-emptive BSR/Extended Preemptive BSR is triggered and does not include the volume of data currently available in the IAB-MT. Preemptive BSR format is identical to the Long BSR format. Extended Pre-emptive BSR format is identical to the Extended Long BSR format.

NOTE 1: For the Pre-emptive BSR, if configured, the LCGs to be reported, the expected data volume calculation, the exact time to report Pre-emptive BSR and the associated LCH are left to implementation.

NOTE 2: The mapping of LCGs between the ingress and egress links of an IAB node for purposes of determining expected change in occupancy of IAB-MT buffers (to be reported as Pre-emptive BSR) is left to implementation.

NOTE 3: The number of the Buffer Size fields in the Long BSR, Extended Long BSR, Long Truncated BSR, and Extended Long Truncated BSR format can be zero.

NOTE 4: The Extended versions of the BSR formats can only be used by IAB nodes.

Figure 6.1.3.1-1: Short BSR and Short Truncated BSR MAC CE

ETSI