<!-- Page 17 of ts_138211v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.211 version 18.2.0 Release 18
16
ETSI TS 138211 V18.2.0 (2024-05)

between the interlaced resource block \( n_{1 \mathrm{RB}, m}^{\mu} \in\{0,1, \ldots\} \) in bandwidth part \( i \) and interlace \( m \) and the common resource block \( n_{\text {CRB }}^{\mu} \) is given by
\[
n_{\mathrm{CRB}}^{\mu}=M n_{\mathrm{JRB}, m}^{\mu}+N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\mathrm{start}, \mu}+\left(\left(m-N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\mathrm{start}, \mu}\right) \bmod M\right)
\]
where \( N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\mathrm{start}, \mu} \) is the common resource block where band width part starts relative to common resource block 0 . When there is no risk for confusion the index \( \mu \) may be dropped.

The UE expects that the number of common resource blocks in an interlace contained within bandwidth part \( i \) is no less than 10 .

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 4.4.4.6-1: The number of resource block interlaces.}
\begin{tabular}{|c|c|}
\hline\( \mu \) & \( M \) \\
\hline 0 & 10 \\
\hline 1 & 5 \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
4.4.5 Bandwidth part

A bandwidth part is a subset of contiguous common resource blocks defined in clause 4.4.4.3 for a given numerology \( \mu_{i} \) in bandwidth part \( i \) on a given carrier. The starting position \( N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\mathrm{start}, \mu} \) and the number of resource blocks \( N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\mathrm{size}, \mu} \) in a bandwidth part shall fulfil \( N_{\operatorname{grid}, x}^{\operatorname{start}, \mu} \leq N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\operatorname{start}, \mu}<N_{\operatorname{grid}, x}^{\operatorname{start}, \mu}+N_{\operatorname{grid}, x}^{\operatorname{size}, \mu} \) and \( N_{\operatorname{grid}, x}^{\operatorname{start}, \mu}<N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\operatorname{start}, \mu}+N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\operatorname{size}, \mu} \leq N_{\operatorname{grid}, x}^{\operatorname{start}, \mu}+N_{\operatorname{grid}, x}^{\operatorname{size}, \mu} \), respectively. Configuration of a bandwidth part is described in clause 12 of [5, TS 38.213].

A UE can be configured with up to four bandwidth parts in the downlink with a single downlink bandwidth part being active at a given time. The UE is not expected to receive PDSCH, PDCCH, or CSI-RS (except for RRM) outside an active band width part.

A UE can be configured with up to four bandwidth parts in the uplink with a single uplink bandwidth part being active at a given time. If a UE is configured with a supplementary uplink, the UE can in addition be configured with up to four bandwidth parts in the supplementary uplink with a single supplementary uplink bandwidth part being active at a given time. The UE shall not transmit PUSCH or PUCCH outside an active bandwidth part. For an active cell, the UE shall not transmit SRS outside an active bandwidth part.

Unless otherwise noted, the description in this specification applies to each of the bandwidth parts. When there is no risk of confusion, the index \( \mu \) may be dropped from \( N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\mathrm{start}, \mu}, N_{\mathrm{BWP}, i}^{\mathrm{size}, \mu}, N_{\mathrm{grid}, x}^{\mathrm{start}, \mu} \), and \( N_{\mathrm{grid}, x}^{\mathrm{size}, \mu} \) -
4.4.6 Common MBS frequency resource

A common MBS frequency resource is a contiguous set of common resource blocks. The starting position \( N_{\text {MBS }, i}^{\text {start }, \mu} \) of the common MBS frequency resource \( i \) is defined relative to point A and the size of the common MBS frequency resource is given by \( N_{\text {MBS }, i}^{\text {size }, \mu} \). Resource blocks in a common MBS frequency resource are numbered in the same way as resource blocks in clause 4.4.4.4 with \( N_{\text {BWP }, i}^{\text {start }, \mu} \) and \( N_{\text {BWP }, i}^{\text {size }, \mu} \) replaced by \( N_{\text {MBS }, i}^{\text {start }, \mu} \) and \( N_{\text {MBS }, i}^{\text {size }, \mu} \), respectively.

A UE is not expected to receive PDSCH or PDCCH associated with MBS transmissions scheduled with G-RNTI, G-CS-RNTI, MCCH-RNTI, or multicast-MCCH-RNTI outside the common MBS frequency resource.
4.5 Carrier aggregation

Transmissions in multiple cells can be aggregated. Unless otherwise noted, the description in this specification applies to each of the serving cells.

For carrier aggregation of cells with unaligned frame boundaries, the slot offset \( N_{\text {slot, off set }}^{\mathrm{CA}} \) between a PCell/PScell and an SCell is determined by higher-layer parameter ca-SlotOffset for the SCell. The quantity \( \mu_{\text {offset }} \) is defined as the maximum of the lowest subcarrier spacing configuration among the subcarrier spacings given by the higher-layer parameters scs-SpecificCarrierList configured for PCell/PSCell and the SCell, respectively. The slot offset \( N_{\text {slot, }}^{\mathrm{CA}} \) offset fulfills

ETSI