<!-- Page 15 of ts_138211v180200p -->

3GPP TS 38.211 version 18.2.0 Release 18
14
ETSI TS 138211 V18.2.0 (2024-05)

\begin{table}
\captionsetup{labelformat=empty}
\caption{Table 4.3.2-3: Transition time \( \boldsymbol{N}_{\mathrm{Rx}-\mathrm{Tx}} \) and \( \boldsymbol{N}_{\mathrm{Tx}-\mathrm{Rx}} \)}
\begin{tabular}{|c|c|c|}
\hline Transition time & FR1 & FR2 \\
\hline\( N_{\mathrm{Tx}-\mathrm{R}_{\mathrm{x}}} \) & 25600 & 13792 \\
\hline\( N_{\mathrm{Rx}-\mathrm{Ix}} \) & 25600 & 13792 \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
4.4 Physical resources
4.4.1 Antenna ports

An antenna port is defined such that the channel over which a symbol on the antenna port is conveyed can be inferred from the channel over which another symbol on the same antenna port is conveyed.

Two antenna ports are said to be quasi co-located if the large-scale properties of the channel over which a symbol on one antenna port is conveyed can be inferred from the channel over which a symbol on the other antenna port is conveyed. The large-scale properties include one or more of delay spread, Doppler spread, Doppler shift, average gain, average delay, and spatial Rx parameters.
4.4.2 Resource grid

For each numerology and carrier, a resource grid of \( N_{\text {grid, } x}^{\text {size, } \mu} N_{\text {sc }}^{\mathrm{RB}} \) subcarriers and \( N_{\text {symb }}^{\text {subframe, } \mu} \) OFDM symbols is defined, starting at common resource block \( N_{\text {grid }}^{\text {start }, \mu} \) indicated by higher-layer signalling. There is one set of resource grids per transmission direction (uplink, downlink, or sidelink) with the subscript \( x \) set to DL, UL, and SL for downlink, uplink, and sidelink, respectively. When there is no risk for confusion, the subscript \( x \) may be dropped. There is one resource grid for a given antenna port \( p \), subcarrier spacing configuration \( \mu \), and transmission direction (downlink, uplink, or sidelink).

For uplink and downlink, the carrier bandwidth \( N_{\text {grid }}^{\text {size }, \mu} \) for subcarrier spacing configuration \( \mu \) is given by the higherlayer parameter carrierBandwidth in the SCS-SpecificCarrier IE. The starting position \( N_{\text {grid }}^{\text {start } \mu} \) for subcarrier spacing configuration \( \mu \) is given by the higher-layer parameter offsetToCarrier in the SCS-SpecificCarrier IE.

The frequency location of a subcarrier refers to the center frequency of that subcarrier.
For the downlink, the higher-layer parameter txDirectCurrentLocation in the SCS-SpecificCarrier IE indicates the location of the transmitter DC subcarrier in the downlink for each of the numerologies configured in the downlink. Values in the range 0-3299 represent the number of the DC subcarrier and the value 3300 indicates that the DC subcarrier is located outside the resource grid.

For the uplink, the higher-layer parameter txDirectCurrentLocation in the UplinkTxDirectCurrentBWP IE indicates the location of the transmitter DC subcarrier in the uplink for each of the configured bandwidth parts, including whether the DC subcarrier location is offset by 7.5 kHz relative to the center of the indicated subcarrier or not. Values in the range 0 - 3299 represent the number of the DC subcarrier, the value 3300 indicates that the DC subcarrier is located outside the resource grid, and the value 3301 indicates that the position of the DC subcarrier in the uplink is undetermined.
4.4.3 Resource elements

Each element in the resource grid for antenna port \( p \) and subcarrier spacing configuration \( \mu \) is called a resource element and is uniquely identified by \( (k, l)_{p, \mu} \) where \( k \) is the index in the frequency domain and \( l \) refers to the symbol position in the time domain relative to some reference point. Resource element \( (k, l)_{p, \mu} \) corresponds to a physical resource and the complex value \( a_{k, l}^{(p, \mu)} \). When there is no risk for confusion, or no particular antenna port or subcarrier spacing is specified, the indices \( p \) and \( \mu \) may be dropped, resulting in \( a_{k, l}^{(p)} \) or \( a_{k, l} \).

ETSI